Home Service. This option is slightly more profitable than cleaning services. The only difference in this business is that a worker is hired for the day. The only drawback is that one may have to wait for deliveries, which is not as feasible if done all the time. One could set a regular schedule, but the number of people taking over will depend on the amount of work that the business does.
Custom T-shirt printing. This option costs almost nothing from beginning and is almost always a good business idea. Even if one is unable to make the money, they can at least sell their shirts.
A beauty salon. For as little as $500 to $2000, one can easily setup a salon at home. These would be somewhat profitable, but not super. It is best to set up in one's garage or room and use a business license.
Dry Cleaning. This is a very profitable business if the clients are aware of the high quality work required. It would take a few hundred of extra money though. An average yearly income for a dry cleaner is $3000 depending on location.
Con-crete Company. One may get the required equipment and start up for as low as $8000. These businesses could be profitable on their own, or with a little more work, one could eventually have a profitable business of their own. This option is also moderately profitable, but demand depends on location.
Custom Paint shop. This business could be quite profitable in the middle of the year. From $4000 - $8000, in this business, one can have a nice salary.
Personal Care and Service. If you can make it a lucrative business in the summer season, it will also be a profitable summer months work. As low as $500 and take up to $2000 for first equipment.
Bikes Rental Shop. In this case, the start up cost is $1000 plus $2000 for a license. This would make up the remaining $1000 to be loan for the startup.
Food Truck. With high profit margins at an estimated $1000/month, one could establish it with little effort and have all the necessary equipment, but is not lucrative.
Cleaning service. This is a very low-profit category, and again, can be started with the equipment for as low as $1200.
Pizza delivery and catering. This option is generally cheaper due to no rental cost.
Barbershops. There are quite a few barbershops, both in the country and overseas, where one could get started for about $300 to $400. Once the store is open, more profits can be earned and more work can be generated.
Pet Sitting Business. If a few people need a little extra help, then one can start a pet sitting agency to hire pet sitters. One needs to select the pet-sitting agency he wants to use. Then he can use PetCareAdvisor.com to find and hire pet sitters to ensure that one hires a reliable and trustworthy agency. This is pretty low cost option.
Concrete Cutting and Grinding business. This is one of the safest options on the list because it requires little down payment. The only downside is that one cannot advertise one's business.
Auto Parts Depot. The prices of all automobile part businesses may fluctuate wildly, but the margins are fairly steady. Therefore we could start an auto parts business that has low profits in terms of profits per dollar and still be profitable. This business will need a truck to transport items, and some overhead like advertising.
Bar. This is not as profitable as many other business ideas, but a bar as a single operation could also be offered to the general public through a bar owner and could be easily marketed.
Auto shop. This business could be an average of $1200 but this should not be taken lightly after learning of the down sides. You have to keep the vehicle running for 8-10 hours a day and this also would create heavy expenses. Another option to this is to set up an apartment, this is also very profitable for $2000. The rent and maintenance would lower this to $1000.
Beauty salon. One could purchase a beauty parlor for as little as $3000. In most case, starting a business and renting space is less of a problem, which saves money.
Pet Sitting Business. One could rent out pet sitting space for as low as $2000, or set up a small business in a dog run or have a small dog to sit at home, which is also profitable.
Golf Course. One may even invest in a golf course for as low as $7000, including all the equipment and the golf courses‘ upkeep for about $1500. These would be moderately profitable businesses.
Home Maintenance for Rent. One could rent your home out and charge as little as $500 per week while still being relatively profitable. When one rents out their home, they must pay utility bills, insurance, real estate taxes and maintenance cost of one’s home. When someone owns it, they only have to pay a monthly rental fee.
Beauty Shop. It does not really require much of a physical space to set up shop. You can set up this business for as low as $1000. The main things that should be bought to set up this business is a basic beauty tool kit and a few makeup sets.
Dental Care. A cheap cleaning business can clean teeth, and give massages from $300-$1500 that are profitable. This job needs a store room and maybe even some equipment. It is highly profitable, but it would require a capital investment.
Convenience Store. One with a business license can sell beer, soft drinks, snacks, chips, and more. These are low income but are usually available almost anywhere.
Bakery.
Restaurant. We would recommend that a business owner to first set up a business plan. A restaurant business would be easy to start a restaurant. If it is located in a busy metropolitan area, a little more cash would be necessary to open the business. There are a lot of businesses that have more or less high profit margins, which are affordable for most lenders in order to get into the business. Of course, the low profit margins of restaurants make it a profitable option.
Hair and Make-Up Salon. For as low as $2500, one can set up a very profitable salon.
Bakery. One could set up one bakery for as low as $2000. The high profit margin is from the high turnover in the bakery, especially during the summer seasons.
Carpet and T.V. installation business. One could get a carpet cleaning and installation truck for as low as $12000 and get a truck with all the necessary parts included for about $18000, excluding rent, to get a fully established business. This idea is profitable for a longer time period. However, demand can be reduced in areas when gas prices are high and thus these businesses are not quite profitable on a short term basis.
Real Estate. One could get a location as low as $30000 up to $50,000 and just purchase properties, pay rent and pay some property taxes. This option is very profitable, and a lot faster than going through a loan.
Photography Studios. This is a low risk way of creating income. The only overhead is you will have to spend $20 daily to take pictures. However, for a family with small children your costs will be minimized. If a small family business of 10 or less persons is chosen, the overhead would be less.
Beauty salons. In this business one need not purchase a shop and start it off. It is sufficient to have hair cut and spa treatments. This would be a very profitable business option and the same as the previous.
Beauty Salon. This option costs less than $3000 and if properly set up would be very profitable. Many beauty salons in India have no overhead.
Web design Company. These are actually the most profitable of the businesses. You could charge about $1500 for a business plan, $1200 for a domain name, and $50 for a web site. This would take you about 10 months to get the business up and running, and the income would be between $1000 and $2000 per month.
Small Retail businesses. There are plenty of small business that do require only a storefront, so for as low as $6000, one could open up a retail store. Most of these businesses are moderately profitable, but if demand is low, then it has a relatively high probability of being profitable.
Video Poker Business. One can start this business for as low as $3000. It would be one of the cheapest options available.
Cleaning Supplies. This business does not necessarily need a store. The supplies to this business can be quite flexible depending on the nature of the use. For as low as $2700, one can purchase the essential equipment and become a highly profitable business.
Car Wash. The first one is probably closest for all the reasons, but there are many more options for a car wash business with the car wash industry is very competitive. For as low as $3000 per week, one can start this business. This is a reasonable profit on a low price.
Personal care services. This business becomes highly profitable when it becomes available during all seasons. This business does not necessarily need a store, which saves money. For as low as $1500, you can get all the required equipment and start your business. This is moderately profitable, but demand depends on location.
Internet start-up. An individual with an internet connection and a laptop can start an Internet start-up business at a low cost. The start-up would be a fairly low profit margin business.
Jewelry Business. This business does not need a huge space for a store. For as low as $3000, one can open a jewelry shop with only one large store to take care of. This is not a very profitable business, but a high yield business.
Pet Sitting. This is a profitable business, especially if set up as a seasonal service. The only problem with this business is time. It will slow down the summer months because people will want the service during those months.
Restaurant. One could purchase a restaurant for as low as $8000, and in some cases it would be better to lease it for a lower monthly payment. For as low as $12000, one could get all the required equipment and put them up for rent. The more valuable the location, the more profit you could expect. There are not too many profitable options, but this one can be the least profitable but the shortest and hardest to lose money if you do not plan.
Construction business. One could start this business for as low as $2000 to get the business going. This option is not an affordable option because of the equipment, but it is not hard to make an income with this option.
Online business. Now this is a very feasible option as well. One would need to have access to high speed internet services to become financially successful. This can be a $40k business and it is also a very profitable one.
Dining Out. One can open a small restaurant with a restaurant-kitchen for as low as $2000.
Food and beverage store. Start with something that can produce small quantities of fresh food that cost $0 and can sell them for a profit, $3000 for example, and expand on it.
Auto body repair. For as low as $3000, one can start up a body repair shop. This is quite profitable, though demand depends on location, which would probably have to be on a larger scale to make the cost realistic.
Video Productions. One could start a very profitable video production business at around $3000 as low as $3000 if one could find a good neighborhood in which to set up shop. This business would only need to be a short term business and requires little capital to get started.
Cleaner/Dry cleaner. One could start this as a full time business with a large staff of employees for as low as $500/day. One can increase this to $5000+ with an increase in employees. This is a viable option if there is ample demand.
A clothing store. One can choose to set up their own apparel store or outsource it to a company that can help it run. For as low as $50,000, one can put up the store and get it up and running. The only downside is that there may be no sales due to bad economy.
Bar. This industry may be moderately profitable, but depends greatly on location.
Gas Station. One could buy a gas station business for only $1000 for a low profit margin of around $100. If this were not available, one could use an existing grocery store that is already in service. These are very profitable for low-income persons and need not cost very much money at all.
House Cleaning and Meal Prep Services. This business can make a decent living while being very profitable if the customer base becomes large enough and the customers do not mind doing some additional work.
Lawn care services. This is a very profitable option, but has a higher demand as it is so easily available. If one locates their business on an appropriate plot, they could get as high as $8000.
Personal Services. One could open a personal services business with as much as $10,000 to get started. It is profitable because of the variety of services that one could provide from cleaning and maintenance to decorating a home, as well as providing a pet groomer service.
Confectionary. This seems like a great business idea, as with the ice cream truck, one could have their own business for a little bit cheaper. This small business does not have high profit margins, but when customers buy lots, it is very profitable.
Web Designing Service. This business may not be profitable until one starts running a website for the first time, but they get a pretty good start.
Car Wash. One can get a car wash business setup for as low as $2500, excluding rent. These have a very high profit margin, and are generally more expensive than a car wash in an automobile repair shop. However, are usually good for a single trip.
Florist service. For as low as $1500, one can have a good business, as long as they can sell high-end flowers like roses. They would not be able to sell these flowers during winter as it would be too cold. Therefore they need a warm summer season to be competitive.
Beauty salon. If one just wants to clean someone’s teeth at their home for free, one can hire the services of various beauticians, but no money could be saved. If however one wants to stay in the business, the starting cost is only $1000 and the only cost for maintenance services is $200 a year for cleaning and safety products. So it can yield good earning potential, even if the initial capital of $3000 comes with high risk.
Golf Game rental. The first time the game gets played, it would cost around $3000 to get the equipment and get it running. The initial cost might be less if there is a store in the area to rent. If one wanted to expand, the cost would be higher.
Laundry and Dry Cleaning. This makes about $2000 in profit with a good location. One can increase this amount by having more staff and having a better location.
Laundry Service. This business depends more on weather. The lowest down payment on one would be around $3000.
Small Electronics Shop. The small electronics shop is pretty profitable. One should plan to set up a store for around $8000 for one to two employees, making it a profitable business.
Tires, and Motor vehicles. One may incur a few million dollars or less if they build this business. If they are able to sell it to a third party, they are likely to recoup their investment and the extra cash is great!
Hair Salon. One could open such a hair salon for as low as $3000, excluding rent, taking the total up to about $48000 to start up.
Real Estate Investing. This will take a little more money up front, as you will need an appraiser to check the condition of the building and then determine an appropriate rent, taxes, repair expenses, and all other necessary expenses. Then one can take out a loan for up to 100% of the amount. For $30000, one could get an appraiser, a new building, the necessary tax and insurance, and all other expenses required to start investing. If all goes good, no
Restaurant/Cafe. Costs as low as $14,000 for an empty restaurant space. One can always add up to $2000 for a small but profitable cafe.
Photography Shop. One can get the equipment and setup for a photography business for as low as $1500. Such business is not overly profitable, but can be profitable if marketed a little better.
Laundries. One could set up a small laundry business for as low as $2000 to about $4000 to get started. This may not be extremely profitable, but is good if you have no retail experience. One can even use these services for free to save as much as possible.
Pet Food and Pet Care. This business does not necessarily need a store. It can be started with an additional service offered such as "Soothing Pills". "Soothing Pills" can be offered for as low as $1500. This service will not need any additional equipment, but will require at least $1500 in additional start up.
Online store. One could set up an online store for as low as $3000 and get it up and running in a few months.
Bar/restaurant. One could set up a bar and restaurant without a store. This business does not necessarily need a brick and mortar building, although it does need to be staffed with employees. This option is moderately profitable, but the demand is dependent on location.
Business selling crafts. One could set up a shop for crafts and sell them on the streets, charging as much as possible. Profit is in the high hundreds because there is more demand this time of year.
Hairdresser. This is an easy business to start. A saloon can be started for as low as $500, and a dry goods store is another option for a lower starting cost. Hairdressers offer a very profitable choice.
T-shirt Printing and T-shirt Manufacturing. Again, no need for a store and no rent, plus printing and producing are quite a profitable business especially during holiday seasons.
Baking Soda Products. For as low as $7500 to start up, one could open a business that uses baking soda for products such as toothpaste, mouthwash, hand lotion, etc. These will not be highly profitable, but will likely do fine starting a small business, and they cost far less to start up than selling ice creams, furniture, or doing repair work.
A small shop like a bakery, coffee shop, and barber. These are not extremely profitable, but they can be. $5000 can get you started with minimal capital to get it up and running.
Convenience Store. One could also set up a convenience store that would require a few things to make it a profitable business. However, the business requires less space, but less of it. This could be profitable as well, especially if this type of business does not last long. As a minimum, one would need 4 stalls to open up shop.
Pet sitting. While people will be quite unwilling to pay for this service, a business offering this service can still be profitable on a loan if one makes enough customers. One could start this business for as low as $15000.
Laundromat. One could set up a business to provide cleaning services for high class hotels, for as low as $3000, by having a small cleaning service on each floor or by providing general cleaning for a certain amount of hours. There is very little demand for this business, but it is profitable and is usually the only option available.
Hairdressing salon. One could set up a hair styling business for as low as $4000 to get up and running. These are not very profitable.
Auto insurance Business. This business can start out with no money and have it going by the end of the summer. These are more profitable during winter months.
Home Health Care. This business would require less of a start up cost, but has lower profit margins. The low profit margin makes the business a less lucrative option.
A home based business. This idea can be quite profitable since the business is not attached to a store location. The business can be started up for as low as $2000. The home base will be the owner's home.
Small Business. This business provides services for your home, which is very profitable. For as low as $3000, one could get a small company, which makes a profit.
Restaurant. One could open a restaurant at a low price of $2500. This is a very profitable business that will not be so profitable for some time. The demand for this business will vary by location because of the cost to own and maintain a restaurant.
Web Design. One can earn income by designing and hosting sites for $1000 or less, without much hassle. The sites can be found for as little as $20-50 per month depending on how much traffic they have. It helps to have the knowledge to create graphics and also have the necessary skills to have good web design skills.
A Hair Salon. This is definitely an option for those who have an ample amount of hair. One can get up and running for as low as 2000, which is a lot less than one would want to spend. This would be reasonably profitable, and probably better than those with less hair, except for those who have thinning hair because their loss was caused by a genetic variation.
Video Production. These are quite profitable these days, especially in North America, but one would need to pay well to have a store and make a profit from it.
Dry Cleaning. In some areas, the retail is quite profitable during the winter months, but for people living along coast of some major cities, the retail is not always sustainable.
Office Management for a Restaurant. The owners of a particular restaurant can provide office assistance for about $1500. This is a business with low profit margins. It is not a risky business to begin with.
Car wash. This option makes a profit, but a loan is not available.
Restaurant business. To get a food place to make a profit, all one needs to do is build a restaurant with a reasonable amount of seats. One can make up their food costs by buying from the neighboring restaurant, or one can charge more at the beginning when people would come and then lower the price at the end of the year.
Air Conditioning Service. This can also be run by one person and can be as low as $10,000 if they are not taking in rent. The profit margin of this small business would be quite high considering that the investment would be minimal.
Home Based Business. This business would take only a few days to set up, so only a few hundred dollars to get started. This would require a truck to park in front of home, and would be profitable during the summer seasons.
Computer Repair Shop. One could purchase computers for as little as $4000, which means $6000 needs to be invested. This is not a profitable option, especially if you have a low supply of good computers. However, if you have high demand to supply, it is definitely a cost effective business.
Hairdressing Salon. This does not require much at all to set up (other than the rent). If no one is willing to pay the rent, then one could rent a storefront and open a hair salon. This could be a profitable business, depending on demand.
Video/DVD rental store. One could set up a video disk rental store.
Beauty Salon. To start one up could use a minimal amount of money for basic equipment and start up fees. For as low as $1500, one could start up beauty business without an office.
Home Health Care. A home healthcare company would need a store to sell and serve its clients. One could set up a store for $5000. By the time you have invested on the equipment and set up your business, this could easily bring you money, which will cover up the equipment.
Home Based Business. As noted earlier, this option is much less profitable than others, with expenses starting at $5000 per month.
Restaurant. For as low as $1500 to $2000, one could open a restaurant. The restaurant business needs very little capital compared with other business ideas offered.
Businesses that sell their own goods/products. This would not normally need a store, unless very large. A small chain of these could be profitable.
Funerary Home.
Dental Care. A tooth, gum, and mouth cleaning service would be profitable. For as low as $2500, one could get all the needed equipment and start up. These are not profitable for a long time, but some demand and a big demand for dental care could drive these businesses to profitability.
Hairdresser. One could buy a hair salon for $100 and start up. This would be profitable once you have several customers.
Online Business. For as low as $20000, one can build a website, run ads on different websites and post ads on various forums. The net cost of advertisement can still be cheaper than buying a brick and mortar and would make up from the interest paid by the lender for the borrowed money.
Hair Salon. For as low as $3000 one could open up this business. This is a profitable business to start, but the low start up costs make it a viable option.
Lawn care, landscaping. This option can be used for either or both of the options 1) cleaning and care or 2) landscaping. One could potentially buy the tools to start an all-inclusive landscaping business, for as low as $12000. If one purchases the tools, this business does not have to worry too much about the low investment. The only problem with this option is that there is competition in the market. If one purchases the tools that do not exist, as
Car Shop. This option might just bring up a little profit, depending on the location and type of the car shop. The car shops do not do very well the year the car gets flat for repairs, hence a second location may be needed. This option depends on the cost of a new car, with a $20,000 car being ideal.
Gas Station. Setting up a gas station for as low as $2000 is not too expensive. One does not have to rely on sales to make their business a profitable one, as there are no customers. As they are not a real business, but only a business of the owner, the costs of such will be less. One also only needs gas for a certain time period during the business, therefore this will not cost too much to run.
Coffee Shop. All business ideas here and there may be profitable on a small scale, but it may not be financially feasible to become a franchise business. One can start a small coffee shop on a hobby or side-business to start with. But if you feel passionate about the coffee cup business, start a franchise and earn money.
Beauty Salon. For as low as $3500, one could buy all the equipment and start the business. This will be fairly profitable, considering that the equipment is less than $25 that is needed for the business to thrive.
Construction and demolition. This option is also fairly profitable, only require a building with a permit from the town for as low as $700.
Laundry Equipment. If one wants a profitable business, cleaning services are not a good choice because it has to have a store. The low profit margins do not allow for a heavy cost of sales, so for as low as $1500 one could get up and running.
Cleaning and Care Services. One could also get used equipment and start clean the place of their own. The equipment will range between $3000-$6000 depending upon the type of cleaning. There is an initial cost to install it, but the profit after the initial cost is minimal.
Housecleaning and Maintenance services. This could be a very profitable option for someone who has a lot of room for a business, if the area is not suitable for a store.
Coffee Shop. When you purchase your coffee bar for $600-1000, you begin to see profits on the back end. The $30-60 profit of this business makes it a viable option for a small company or start up.
A Restaurant. One could start a restaurant in the summer months, and save as much as $2500 just before winter arrives, as these high seasons are when the restaurants are at their highest revenue, and most profitable of the year. In the fall, profits are lower, and these may be the months when the restaurants are at their lowest profit, and least profitable of the year.
Hair Styling and Salon. This business could be a small mom and pop place, or it could be a bigger corporate establishment, but either way is reasonably low cost to run. Starting at $3000 for a basic barbershop is quite feasible.
Lawn Mower Repair shop. For the low as $6000, one can open a mower repair shop for mowing grass, which are not very profitable yet.
Pizza and Restaurant. To set up this business, one can purchase a pizza and restaurant in another town, and start their own business in their own town. This is not very profitable, but in a country with high unemployment, this may be a viable option.
Car Shops. One could get all the needed vehicles as low as $6000, but will need to hire help for start up, and this will require a substantial amount of money to start up, as one must hire employees and purchase stock. With a little knowledge, it should not be too hard to find some help. After starting the business, they can hire more employees.
Laundry and Cleaning Services. Once the initial cost to start is paid, one can then set up a full time service company. This way, one does not need to worry about renting space for a number of days of the week, because once the business is started, one can have it for the full time. This business does not have as much profit margin as the ice cream business, but can be a great business that does not require expensive equipment.
Bilingual school. This option can be for as low as $5000 or as high as $20,000. The low end of this is very reasonable, but for the high end is much more than the loan is for. You can find a school that's in your area and the loan is small.
Auto Repair Shop. This option is profitable for all seasons. Start up costs are low and it offers great benefits, such as free insurance and auto repairs, while operating at your location.
Internet Service company. The price is $2000 to get running, but it is not very profitable until the product becomes popular. For as low as $3000, one can get the needed equipment and begin with a nice profit.
Food manufacturing. This option would be profitable, but requires the manufacturing to be located in a high paying city rather than a lower paying city, which makes it not feasible.
Barbershop. Barbers are always in demand and can get quite lucrative. However, most businesses that accept Barbers have a large overhead and could not offer such low start-up costs.
Painting business. This business can be started as a painting firm for as low as $3000. The profit comes at the end of the year when paint contracts are awarded.
Home Care Assistance. This service is very lucrative, though it is harder to get than the service above. The start-up prices are as high as $20000, however, so you need to ask someone who wants you, to lend you a loan of $50,000. Even with this high interest rate, it is still a profitable business.
Bicycles. One could set up a bicycle chain. Businesses that run a bicycle chain typically do not require much maintenance and can run on minimum profits, allowing it to be profitable on a loan. One can also lease the bicycles for long terms and could rent the bikes out to other bicycle owners for a very low price.
Painting Businesses. There are various types of painting, whether it be exterior painting, interior painting, or painting interior. This can be set up with a business of any kind. For a few thousand each, one can get their start up.
Hair Dresser. As low as $15000, one could set up a hair dress shop. This is a profitable business, but again location dependence.
Funeral Care Business. One could offer all basic funeral services for as low as $13000. This business is not too profitable but the high start up costs make it a viable option.
Hair Styling Salon. One could start this business with as little as $1500 up to $5000, depending on the salon's location. The lower cost of hair styling makes it more profitable, and it is easier to pay the loan when the business is established.
Cleaning Centers. One could start up a cleaning centers business, as low as $1000, starting with an initial investment of, say, $250. This is a medium profitable business, but the low start up costs make it a good business to start-up.
Dry Cleaning Services. One could start up a dry cleaning business as low as $1500 to $2500 initially, and increase the profit margin with better equipment. This option is moderately profitable, but more dependent on location.
Dry Cleaning Business. One should start his business with a dry cleaning establishment for $2000, which can easily be increased to any amount after hiring more workers. This will be profitable if the market size of this business is reasonably good and demand is not high.
Computer Repair and Sales. People can always get a computer for very cheap, and it can even be on loan. A store could be used to sell the machines.
Dog wash. An idea of this business comes from one of our friends who once saw a woman holding the leash to a dog on a hot and crowded street. He told us that he has no interest in making money doing something that people do. The dog is a nuisance until the dog gets bored and runs away. One could sell the dog wash for as little as $300 without having a store or requiring any sales of products to make a profit.
Cleaning and Care services. This option is a bit complicated, because your income is dependent on the kind of cleaning and cleaning services required. If you have a family of 4, you will need 4 separate stores. Because this would be an outlet for your cleaning and care service, the number of stores may be reduced significantly which may lower the per square foot costs.
Electric Tires. Electric car services charges from $50 to $1000 for a car wash and service.
Real Estate. If one were to put down 10% down, and acquire this business which needs very little in the way of investment, they can expect a 6% return per year, while in some cases less than a point.
Jewelry Shops. One can start up a jewelry shop for as low as $1000 which is quite profitable. This is a good option until the market for a certain type of jewelry declines in the next decade.
Pet Services. A small pet sitting service as low as $3000 per hour
Cleaning and Care services. To start up a cleaning and care business, one could use the supplies that one has available and save money. The prices can range from about $50.00 to $20000. By starting with fewer supplies, one is able to run out of materials which will likely cost more after. The cleaning business has high profit margins during the winter months.
Painting and Decorating. This option does not require a store, but is moderately profitable. Start up and running costs are very low, making this option very profitable and cost friendly.
Jewelry and Watch Making. One could open up a jeweler or watchmaker shop for as small as $2000, saving enough to get them started. This is a very profitable option that should be started very small by anyone who has the opportunity to start with reasonable cash flow.
Restaurant. There are those that would argue you could open your own restaurant with $5000, $8000, $10,000, $15,000, $20,000 or even $200,000. The low end of that, for a large restaurant is usually between $4000 and $7000. As you can see, your business has some pretty good profit margins to work with. The problem with this type of business is the labor expense. Although you could manage it, and make a
Music production. In this business, one can use technology to produce music and have a low cost of production. One can use a laptop for programming and a laptop, computer, and software for mixing. This option is moderately profitable, but demand depends on location.
Personalized Business services. In this business you could hire a personal assistant to handle the day to day business of serving your needs. This business is fairly profitable and relatively cheap to start up.
A Book store. One could start from as low as $5000 and purchase the material required for the book store. The business will start to earn money, which will bring the total up to about $15000. This will be a reasonably profitable business.
Restaurant. One can open up a large, full service restaurant for as little as $5000 and make good money. The expenses are not too high, but are not as low as the other options and it is not as profitable as it is because most of the labor supply is in Florida.
Web Design Business. The cost of a web design business has reduced to about $10000. This business cannot be a big deal as such. However, you could still get a better rate if you go for an onsite software design rather than outsourcing to a web developer. One should understand what they want in the web design before going for it
Business that cleans cars. A car washing business is fairly low risk, and offers little risk of bankruptcy, except one could possibly bankrupt themselves through their expenses. It is also highly profitable for its average customers, who pay for an average of $50 annually. This choice is the most afforable, it does not cost too much money and only has some basic equipment to get started, but it would be worthwhile if you can not afford to pay for rent in your current location. The average customer can pay
Bakery. One could set up a bakery business for as low as $500 to get started. This business, being profitable, may not be too lucrative.
Dump Truck Rental. If money is not a problem – one could rent a dump truck to start off with. The next step could be to buy a dumpster and use it to pick up garbage for the business. The dumpsters will be large, but it will not cost a lot. One could put up two garbage pickup service trucks to get their business going.
Lawn Care and Gardening Business. This one probably needs an additional store of some type, which costs maybe $30000 to build. This is a low-paying business, but could be profitably started at a very low investment.
Automotive Repair and Service. This business needs a place to repair and service cars and trucks, which is always available to work out of a lot.
Jewelry Design and Production. One could design and produce various items or art work for as low as $7500. Although their are other options, this is one of the better business ideas to consider because the profit margins are high.
Painting Shop. Paint for as low as $500 should fit into any budget, whether or not it is for residential or commercial use. As the cost for this service goes down, a profitable business can be created.
Air Conditioning repair shops. Any business can call a repair shop to get service and equipment needs taken care of. For as low as $2000, one could get their business running very profitably. The more you have the more profits you can make.
Diner/fast food. If one can make a reasonable amount, such as $200/hr at an existing diner, and has reasonable start up costs, an $8-10,000 loan is possible.
Jewelry design and wholesale. This business would need a store, but with a low-profit margin. It could be starting with a wholesale price of $3000.
Restaurant. One could set up a restaurant for as low as $5000 which does not involve much start up costs. Although some restaurants are too big to be able to be profitable, other restaurants are fairly profitable and can turn a high profit.
Painting and Drywall. While painting and dry wall is a high profit option, a low profit start up would not be as viable.
Barbershop. One could open a barbershop for as low as $5000, in order to open up a little niche market of people who want to get a haircut.
Jewelry Shop. Some women may have great jewelry collection which they want to sell for extra money. One does not need much space to maintain a jewelry shop.
Cleaning and Care businesses can get started for as low as $1100.
Laundry. Laundry is very hard to do. Most laundries do not make much profit, but still need to charge a reasonable price to their customer.
Painting Shop. The same low start up cost as woodworking businesses, can be achieved in this business. For as low as $4000, they would be quite profitable.
Restaurant. One could open a restaurant for as low as $2500. This would be an excellent opportunity for someone that has started a food truck or small store that requires equipment (e.g. mop, forklift, kitchen). This is the most profitable option, but still costs more than $2500.
Web Browsers. One could try creating an online business with an estimated budget of only $13000, depending on traffic and advertising costs only. This business runs well profitably throughout the world, and needs little set up cost.
Hair Salon. Harsh weather condition and summer, low sales of hair services could make this option unattractive. Hair salons could be very profitable in a warmer climate.
Cleaning and Care services. This is almost the same option, except the equipment is slightly different. For $1000, one can get all the needed equipment for a cleaning and care services business. A little more expensive, but still affordable.
Computer Repair Services. This option is still profitable. The only problem is that this business must get a computer, a scanner, and an internet connection. This may cost $500, maybe more.
Web page design business. This is a very profitable business if it is properly handled. One can easily make a profit through this option, even if it is considered an entry level company. One can invest this amount and set up the website as a very well organized one. In return, one would enjoy a stable source of income until things start getting difficult.
Barber Shop. The profit margins of barbers make it quite reasonable to offer a loan, even at an interest rate of 10 to 15 percent. If you have high-end equipment, you can sell for $13,000 to $20,000 per year, leaving a profit for you.
Restaurant/Bakery. The profit margin on the restaurant is rather high, but it can make it difficult to get a loan. With a simple kitchen, a business of the same line as a cafe or a restaurant is not too difficult to open up. All one needs is to buy the equipment needed for the kitchen and the necessary stock for the meal. This takes up a little more cash and requires a simple bank loan.
Photography Equipment Supply. As low as $2000 one can start a business from this option.
Photography Studio and studio. For around $10000, it would be feasible to open an area for photography. An ideal idea would be starting at $1000 and growing by $2000. With this type of business, it is very feasible to get a good amount of profit from the business while at the same time not costing a lot of money. However, the cost to run this type of business would depend on various factors such as equipment, location, and other business expenses.
Food truck. For as low as $8000, one can get a food truck, which can also be used another place for another work. This is a profitable option, especially if the profits are not huge. It also helps if the business is in an area that is a tourist destination, such as Times Square in New York City.
Car Service. One could purchase a car service or a car detailing service, with a small monthly payment. This business requires a large initial investment, and is quite unlikely to be profitable. However, one could make enough money to get it paid off with a small loan.
Home-based day care business. One could get a licensed and bonded day care school up and running for as low as $4000, for as low as $7000-10,000, depending on location. The daycare students need a place to live, but this business is highly profitable, with low start up costs.
Business Directory. One could set up a business directory for as low as $6000 (include all the required components including rent), which is more profitable than other options, but is still considered a low risk business.
Restaurant. If one were to set up a restaurant for as low as $300 and $1000, one would only need a little initial start up cost and one could get good profit margins over time. A $300 to $800 investment will easily be able to pay back the initial investment plus a decent profit.
Bakery. Bakery does not require a store, so it is the cheapest option for start-up. For as low as $1000, one can set up a basic shop and start their business. By keeping the shop small and having only one person behind it to handle sales, you get the least profit from this as well.
Grocery store and Dairy Store. Grocery and Dairy Stores are a profitable business option, but you would only have 1 man. Therefore, $3000 plus 1 man cannot be that much for one man to start up.
Business Cards. One could get high-quality business cards for as low as $200.00. If your needs are modest, use this plan.
A restaurant. This business does not need a lot of money and can generate a decent profit with a low-cost restaurant. It is highly ideal when one can only have a business during peak seasons, which are summer or fall, instead of opening for the whole day, which is only feasible when one is in a bigger city like Toronto or Vancouver. This business can range from $5000 to $16000 depending on location, but there is a cost to open the business.
Lawn Care Services. One could buy and manage a lawn care business for as low as $4000 to as high as $20,000, depending on the number of workers one needs.
Electricians. One can begin with as low as $4000 to get all the equipment required and then work on raising profits by raising prices on their services. This option is not too profitable, but it depends on demand. If demand increases, then one is likely to make a profit. But if demand is stagnant then one will not make a profit.
Internet Radio Station. One can set up a radio service for as little as $6000.
Electrician/HVAC Service. One could set up a service shop to repair various electrical devices, as well as electric and gas heating units that do not include a gas station. This company would be moderately profitable, although it would also have expenses to be taken care of.
Restaurant. One could have a restaurant from about the $20000 to the $6500 range. This option is moderately profitable, but location affects profit.
Video rental. With the advent of digital download, one could purchase a video streaming server, digital cinema equipment, and all other required equipment and start a business for as low as $8000. This option is highly profitable and this business will give you a steady flow of income.
Housecleaning. This is somewhat profitable, depending on the location. As low as $1000, one can obtain the necessary equipment and start their business. As the demand and number of workers grows, the business would eventually become profitable.
Home Based Business. This is very profitable business that a lot of people prefer because there are no heavy competition. The cost to start up would be about $1000.
Pet Food and Water Treatments. These businesses do not necessarily require a store, but could be set up so a store would not be required. Their success is the fact that they do not require a store to begin with, and they do not necessarily need to serve more than one client. Their success is that people love food and water.
Video Games. This business could make a very successful product, but would require a high number of people. For as low as $3000, one can start one video game store. This business offers a moderate profit margin. This business is not considered a loan unless an actual physical store is not in operation.
Auto Repair. One could set up an auto repair shop for $5000, in case of emergency, and this is a high profit option. One could save about $4000 on the shop and keep the profits off of the auto repair shop.
Barber Shop. One can start a local barber shop for as low as $1500; which may not be a bad option, considering that the barbers will spend a lot of time there.
Hair Design Service. One can hire a Hair Designer for $3000 to start the business. These services are not as profitable as others, but are not the most risky business option.
Photography studios. One could open a large photography studio for as low as $2000 to $3000.
Pizza. One could purchase a large pizzeria and set up in a shopping center. Costs may run around $12000 to setup, which is still an excellent option.
Real Estate Sales. This can be an attractive option, as it requires very little capital. One can sell one's home or apartment for as low as $3000. With the low cost of real estate, it can be an afforable option to take out a loan to start up your business.
Baking & Pastry Shop. This is another relatively profitable option, and one could start up an office on this. However, it may not be very profitable unless they have a following base. For as low as $1000, one could open up a small bakery with a small menu and still get a reasonable amount of profit.
Bakery. One can rent space in a bakery for as low as $3000 for a few months. During this time, they would not need to pay rent and use their inventory, allowing another option to save cost of space.
Personal Injury Lawyer. This is a high profit business, as fees only depend on the nature of case, a lot of trial attorney fees should be covered by the customer. With a high profit margin, as the case does not always take a lot of time or money, a business should be able to pay higher loan interest rates. Some personal injury lawyers charge as high as $125000 for a case involving the death of one’s spouse or small children.
Restaurant. This type of business can be set up as a take out for $3000, or as a full service business. As much as a 60% loss would bring down your profit margin.
Housecleaning Service. This business can be quite profitable as it requires quite a few employees to work. This option would require a start up of $2500 and above and an average annual turnover of $1000 to earn the $1000 profit required.
Restaurant. One could open a small restaurant and get out of the kitchen and just be in charge of preparing food. This is probably the easiest way to go about starting a business. From this simple beginning, one could increase the menu and increase the profit margins. You will not have to worry about equipment or high cost insurance. Although, it is best to hire help or be a franchisee for this.
Video Game Rental Service. While this is only about $3000, it starts small enough to be an option, and does not have to have a retail store on location to run.
Restaurant. A restaurant can be set up for as low as $2000 to start up, taking all the necessary equipment and getting started. This business can be quite profitable, taking into consideration the low start up costs.
Pet Shops. Some pet shops have low profit margins, but their demand is high. To be able to open a successful pet shop requires a very large profit margin. The low start up costs of this option are not ideal, but it can still be a successful business.
Hair Salon. It can be as profitable as you can get. In order for this business to pay for its own operation, it needs to receive high volume customers and generate a steady revenue stream. This business requires at least $20,000 to start up.
Hair Salon. One can start up this business at lower costs and get them running at a low start up cost, which makes them profitable. These businesses do produce some profit, but they are not a huge profit.
Auto Insurance. This type of business could take up the most space for a low budget of $30000 up to $15000
Office Space. This business does not have to have a store. Office Space provides an affordable business option without the expenses of purchasing a store. This option could work for a small business or just something nice to store personal belongings in.
House Painting. This is one of the most lucrative business that can be set up with a low start up cost. All that one needs for this type of business is a few gallons of paint and the knowledge and expertise to use them on site.
House Cleaning. House Cleaning is a bit of an expensive way to go, but if one is determined they can open the shop for as low as $3000, which would allow the owner to make enough money to pay back a loan.
Auto Repair Shop. Most auto mechanics do very well in summer months, because the demand is very high, but during cold winters, the demand is low. By setting up a small business, one can still get their business during low demand seasons, which makes the cost of running the business a little more affordable.
Dry Cleaning. This business is quite profitable during the summer months because people who would not wash their clothes can wash it at home and pay for the dry cleaning cost in their free time. The winter months would not be as profitable because most washing and drying is done at a dry cleaners in the winter.
Pet Shoppe. There are a lot of options here for as low as $3000. One can advertise online or at local pet stores and let the customers come and see the pets. While this business is not very profitable, it still creates a lot of business and thus needs a business loan with good credit.
Dry Cleaning services. There are a wide range of service and cleaning businesses like dry cleaning, laundry, dog grooming. These could be combined into one location for about $8100. These would also be profitable.
Confectioneries. There are several options available, and many are quite expensive. One can choose between owning a shop, selling wholesale in a store, selling by appointment only, selling in supermarkets (very high margins, but expensive), or renting. If a shop is used, there are many other services to take care of such as mowing lawns and snow removal, and so on. A shop will take more space, but more people, such as the one above, will come. There
Jewelry making services. One could get started with $1000 to get the necessities for starting one up. This is not too successful with demand also dependent on location.
Electrician. One can set up an electric company for a low as $2000 and still make a decent amount of money. Their pay is also quite good, so the profit from the service is higher.
Car Sales. A classic business idea that would save money would be to sell used cars that would not need the sales tax that would be lost at a local market. For example, one could sell the cars at a car lot for $300/per car, without the extra $6. This business will be highly profitable, but will need a hefty loan.
Real Estate Investment. This business, being a business, would probably not demand that much from a loan. An investment of only $5000 would produce a profit of around 65%.
Hair Salon. This could be a very profitable business, as the cost to own is very low for the right location. One could pay only 1/5
Carwash. One could just use the car to wash the cars and get a profit on that. This is just as profitable as car services, and possibly higher than regular car wash services.
Office Furniture. One could hire office help and save on rent. This will save around $5000 per year, which is reasonable.
Airplane Service. This option costs $11,000 to $12,000 but it is pretty profitable for all that it costs during peak season.
Laundry business
Internet Service. This service business is one of the most profitable types of business. It’s simply the reason most businesses are set up. In addition to being quite profitable, having one as small as $6000 or $24000 can be feasible.
Business Services
Home Maintenance Contractor. This business would be a little more lucrative. One could easily find a contractor that will take on clients that will pay them $1000 a month.
Concrete. This is the most profitable option for those looking for a low interest option. One can build a building to house this kind of business, and save up and start up the business.
Dental Practices. Dental offices could be an option of starting up for as low as $3000. This is not a viable option, though, because dental offices have high overhead costs and are hard to run profitably.
Airplane rentals. One could rent an airplane for as low as $2000 and get set up for business. Most aircraft have annual maintenance fees that are quite high for a small owner, making the plane slightly more profitable.
Computer Store. This is one of the profitable options that would be ideal if the cost to rent the store is low. One could rent the business space for as low as $600 and start up without putting too much work in setting it up.
Business Magazine. A low cost business idea is to write an occasional magazine covering something like a specific topic. For as low as $2000, one can start a business magazine with no overhead and a potential $24,000 annual profit with a large following.
Dog House. For as low as $2500, one could open a private dog house for one pet (and for as low as $1000 without the fee, one can also add an extra pet with no extra charge). This is reasonably profitable as well as a good option.
Restaurant. Start out with an idea of owning a restaurant. A good business plan will make it look appealing. A restaurant would be ideal for a low income family.
Car Wash. This business does not necessarily need a store, which makes a loan possible. For as much as $2000, one could get needed equipment and set up shop. This business is very profitable at the beginning, but will decrease and eventually end in failure. However for a small fee one may end up in debt for a very long time.
Bookstore. Again, this business could be started with a low budget, but the start up of the bookstore would be much more lucrative. For as low as $1500, one can come up with a full-time worker, pay rent, and start a legitimate business. This is extremely profitable.
Internet Shoppes. One could set up an internet store for as low as $5000. This is a relatively profitable option. The low start-up costs ensure that the initial investment will go for huge amounts.
Music Studio. One could get a studio for as low as $5000 to start and this business would be decent to start.
Restaurant services. Again, this option does not require a store, and can easily be set up in-store. This is a decent business option because it does not cost too much to start up. It is not very profitable, but if one is good at what they do, there will be much demand for this type of a service.
Video Studio. One could hire out a video studio at $1000 per day. This business is fairly profitable, it is possible to get one going that does not depend on location or profits.
Carpet cleaning service. This business does not necessarily need a store, which saves money. For as low as $500, one can afford to start up their own carpet cleaning service. Unlike carpet cleaning stores, the carpet cleaning business would need to have an established business and to be licensed and insured.
A Video rental shop. For as little as $3000, one could open up a video rental store. In areas with a high number of people and a medium-high to high rent, the rental business is moderately successful.
Pet Shop. There are many companies that offer pet boarding services and even pet grooming services. As low as $4000, one could do this.
Ice Cream Parlor. While this business is considered to be unprofitable, one could have an ice cream parlor for as low as $3000 or can lease one for as low as $6000. This option is not too profitable, but the low start up costs make it a lucrative option.
Web Designing. The start up costs are a little high, but the high profit margins make this business financially feasible for an individual seeking to get started at home.
Personal training. This option also does not necessarily need a store. For start-up costs of $3000, one needs to have minimum 5 clients to have a viable business, as one does not want too many clients on the first account. This type of business usually requires a location that has a good clientele and is easily accessible.
Jewelry Store. For as little as $5000, one could get up and running. This business can be extremely profitable if the demand is high and the profits are high.
Dry Cleaning and Laundry services. This is a business that does not require a store, but still saves money and is slightly profitable.
Web Designing. One could set up a company with no capital requirements, and just work on their projects online or do it as a home business for a fee. As a home business, it only takes 30 min to $500 a day to work on it. The only downside is how much time it would take to create a website. That depends on how fast you work and how much time it would take to create. And how much money do you have to spend. So it would take about
Photography Studio. The cost of getting a photographer is very high, but the actual cost of running the business is relatively low. One can get started with as low as $3000, excluding the cost of the actual business. These businesses are very profitable, and one can continue in this business for a very long time.
Car Wash & Tire Shop. This business needs to use extra space for their services. One can rent this extra space for $2000 to $3000, depending on number of customers they receive.
Painting and Carpentry. The idea is to purchase a cheap, small carpenter's setup to start out and then build upon that when the business gains a larger client base. The rental model is great for a first shop, but as the market grows, the business can expand with increasing costs.
Coffee Shop. This is another business that is both profitable and is viable from $1 to $3000, again depending on location.
Laundry Services. This business is fairly lucrative, but needs a store to operate. One could save money by purchasing a shop that has two washing machines, for as low as $3000. The cost should add up more with an additional set of machines, which can be as little as $3000. One could also acquire a commercial-grade dryer for as little as $3000. Additionally, if purchasing an additional washing machine that has an apron on it, as well as a small desk
Hairdressing. This is a somewhat low paying industry, yet it has the advantage of not having a brick or mortar store. However, there is a limited market for hair styling, which keeps the costs down; a little more for location. This way, one may afford to charge $600-$1200 for an average of 1-2 haircuts a month, or as per the price, a customer might be able to walk a few customers a month.
Golf Club. This business would only take about $6000 if it were located out in the country, but could charge anywhere from $2000 to $8000 for a course and 18 hole green fees.
Restaurant. It would be costly for an operator to purchase the land, make a building for the restaurant, and open for the first time in the New Year. Nonetheless, these are three times in a year when most people would be out to eat. These establishments would also depend on how often they are open to gain a customer base.
Office Furniture. This option is relatively profitable, but with demand, can start at around $35,000 - $40,000. With the low start up costs, it could definitely be feasible.
Car Repair shop. One could purchase a very profitable car repair business for as low as $6000. Again, profit depends on location and competition.
A pet food store. One can purchase one of these for a small investment, and start this business at around $300 to $500 per week. This is a slightly profitable business that makes little effort.
Tires and Tire Repair. This is a very profitable option that can be expanded from a single location to 5 locations at a cost of $5000 to $7000 each.
Small Baking Company. One could purchase ingredients and bake their own bread and cookies for as low as $2000. This is also a moderate profit option, although demand depends on location.
A Pet Shop. For as low as $500, and most businesses are open around the holidays, this business is profitable in the cold months. Most of the time, animals have low demand and could go to their homes.
Music store. If one can afford it, they can build a small music shop (not requiring an expensive store) for only $12000 and get it running at the end of the year. This would cost $1200, but could yield a profitable business. To get the most profit, the store should be located in an area with more musicians and more customers. These businesses are great on a small budget and not feasible on more expensive loans.
Car Wash. This would cost a lot, but it could be profitable in a good location and an increase in market is very likely. In fact, most of these businesses, especially in the car wash industry, are not profitable.
Painting and Decorating. As low as $3000, you could set up an honest to goodness painting and decorating business for high profit margins.
Dry Cleaning services. One could do dry cleaning for people for an as low as $1000 to $1700. This would not be very profitable however.
Video Game Rentals, Online Casinos, Etc. This is another option, which does not necessarily need a store.
Office Cleaning and Maintenance. This option is similar to cleaning services. One could hire a cleaning service company to do the work, with the work starting up at only $5000.
Home Depot Sales. A good number start their service with just a home depot truck. For as low as $2000, one can purchase all the required equipment, but then one purchases materials for their own stores with the assistance of a local store or another individual willing to finance the project. These are not highly profitable, but can afford to get their business started on a $2000 loan.
Car Wash. In this business, one could start off with a budget of $6000 for the initial investment, which would get a car wash going. In a year, one can expect a profit, depending on the location, and the number of cars serviced.
Funeral Home. This is a very profitable business, not just because of the revenue it brings in with people paying for funeral plans to hold open funerals. The low cost structure also means a very nice profit margin.
Music Lessons. One could do a course of music lessons for $3000, which is moderately profitable, and get a good number of students.
Pet supplies. You can just set up your small-scale pet shop for as low as $3000, which is only moderately profitable.
Real Estate. The best option for this business is to get a store and turn into an auction house. Although this option is very profitable in certain places in the country, other areas may not have this demand. Still, this option would be viable in all locations throughout the world.
Car Wash. Weighing a couple of thousand, is a relatively low profit option. However, not many people can afford an ice cream truck.
Restaurant. The average cost of starting a restaurant with one person is about $5000 to start up. One could also lease a restaurant for as low as $300 per month. This choice would usually not be any money and would not cost much to start up if the need arose.
Bicycles. This has a higher profit margin, but is also more dangerous with bicycle crashes. They do not allow children under age 12 or pregnant women, which limits the amount of time that one can operate these two businesses. With this business, you could operate as low as $18000 for a full bike shop.
Hair Stylists & Beauticians. This is a very lucrative option with high profit margins. For $5
Auto Wrecker. One could buy car wreckers and start working for them as a general handyman. This too is not all that profitable. The car wrecker business would have to cater to a certain market.
Business to Business services. A cleaning service could have a good profit with no investment, as long as it operates at an optimal level.
Hair care businesses. These businesses require a huge investment in the hardware as well as in the rent and maintenance. These businesses should not be undertaken lightly without proper market analysis. One can invest to improve their business to get profits. However, as mentioned in the first few paragraphs, these businesses are profitable during summer seasons only.
Bakery, Cafe, or Deli. One can rent a bakery, cafe or deli for as low as $1000-$5000 per month, for running a business which needs to be profitable. It has to be profitable to get a loan from a bank, and if successful will make a profit.
Dry Cleaning. This business can be set up and operated on a low or modest amount of investment but needs an effective marketing plan to have a long term viable business.
Painting. One can get some cheap painting done for as low cost as $3000. Paint can be very profitable. This is because there are many uses for the paint, the paint is not too expensive, and if one decides to sell, the profit will be minimal.
Painting. Paint stores would have a very high profit margin, but the cost of rent should not make it imposible. The cost of paint should be between $5000 and $15000.
Pizza Hut. Investing only $7000 will allow one to set up a pizza hut with a high profit margin.
Personal Care and Medical Business. This would be a nice niche to start out on and should produce much higher profits than the other three.
Barbers. The barber business is similar to other barbers, except the clients are a different type of people who would not have an interest in spending money on a haircut for them. In these days, one could get a small barber shop for around $3000 and get it up and running in few days' time.
Hair Boutique. One could take the hair stylist business and start this business at a low and manageable $30000. They would be able to turn their profit into a loan to cover their start up costs.
Photography Studio. Depending on available space in a residential area, this business can operate with as little as $1000. The low start up costs also make this option moderately profitable.
Bakery. Some bakeries could open to as low as $8000 to open a bakery and the profit margins would be quite good. If they are located in a high-proval area, the profit margins would be higher. With a lower start up costs, it could be more profitable with the need of a store.
Internet Internet Service. Internet business also works well, especially for one that does not use computers. One can set up a business to provide web site development. All you need is a computer, a modem, a computer programming language, and your software. Web site development is very profitable, as this is one of the areas the Internet is most used for. A web site can grow into an empire because there is always more demand for such. The market can also be expanded through advertising.
Pizza Restaurant. There are a great many restaurants out there that would be more profitable if they would be able to hire people to make their pizza and serve it too. If only $3000 to $5000 would be sufficient, this option can certainly do well.
Dry cleaners. It could get pricey if you hire a full time worker. For $2000, an owner could setup it on their own. The cost of the supplies would be the total of $4000.
Jewelry services. This type of business could cost quite a bit to start, but would be highly profitable if it is able to maintain it's current level of services over a period of time. The costs to pay these people is quite large, so a loan would not be feasible.
Pet grooming and day care business. Starting at around $2500 and going to $5000, one can establish a successful pet grooming and day care business. The small start-up costs make pet grooming and day care quite profitable, and the equipment such as a washing machine and an oven is not too expensive.
Computer Repairing shop. One can also set up a repair shop for as little as $3000 to start up, which is very profitable.
Auto Repair and Maintenance. This business makes slightly more than the $1000, but if you live in Los Angeles or Miami, then this is an excellent option.
Pet Clinic. It could cost as low as $5000 to get the necessary equipment. This would be a profitable business, but it requires a location. If a location is not possible, then this option is a bit less promising without a store.
Jewelry and Antiques. This is another profitable business; though the profits do not seem to reflect the expense. This business requires a special and unique product that is not found in any other store to make money. For example, the prices of diamond jewelry can increase several hundred dollars per item, so the overhead also requires a great deal of work, but the returns are high.
A small hardware store. This could be as low as $2700 per year, which could be spent for rent and equipment. This is fairly profitable, but costs a little bit more.
Cleaning and Care services: Another business option is cleaning and care services, that can be started for as low as $3500. As the market demand increases, one could easily open up shop and make decent profits.
Barber Shop. One could start up a barber shop for $3000 to start, but may never be profitable. The start up will depend on location.
Barbershops. They cost a lot, especially in larger cities. This one should get more profit because a lot of money is already invested by the city or town. Of course the profit would be small, but the high price of a salon business makes this business a great low-cost, but high-profit, option.
Online sales of apparel and other items. There are many people who are unable to attend trade shows. Through online sales, one can sell almost anything.
Gasoline Station. I know this business is not profitable. But on the contrary, there are many ways to make it. One can make it such that customers come to drive to the station, but in the parking lots would be filled with people wanting to buy a certain type of gas. By getting some business on the streets, you can easily start this gas station business that is profitable. Also, you can use the extra profit to pay off the loan.
Car Wash. There may not be as much of demand for cars after the holidays, and it may be cheaper to wash the car at home rather then pay for commercial services.
Video Game Stores. This is a business that can be used in any season.
Restaurant Business. Restaurant Business can be run with $0 and only need $1500 to get started. This option is more profitable compared to most other business ideas because people eat there and their income is very high because it is very profitable.
Electrician. If you are looking to set this up in a residential area, you can start it up for as low as $1500.
Grocery Store. One could acquire an existing grocery store and convert it for a profit as well. One should expect an initial investment as low as $2000 to convert a grocery store into a fresh food retail store.
Dry Cleaning and Apparel. Once the start up costs have been covered, you can get all the equipment required to start your dry cleaning business within just $2000. You can even get up to $50,000 to build the store for better profit.
Lawn mowing and watering. One can start a lawn mowing business for about $2200. Another option is hiring professional landscapers to mow your lawn. This business is definitely not feasible for many because of high rates. But a successful business in this type can make a very good living.
Laundry Services. $10 a day? How much laundry service do you need? If you do not mind dealing with the customers, this business may be a good option for you, especially if you have a few employees.
Ice Cream Parlour. Another one that is too cheap to be a profitable business, but it is not too difficult to get up and running. As low as $1000, one is able to make ice creams.
Jewelry Manufacturing and Retail. This option would certainly require a physical presence to be profitable, but with the proper equipment one could manufacture and sell a jewelry line for as low as $6000.
Gas Grill. Gas grills are quite profitable during the summer season and moderately profitable during the winter season, making them very feasible for operation. You can set up these gas grills to be used as sit down restaurants and could make about $700 to $1000 profit per week during the summer and winter seasons.
Food Truck. Start with a truck like the Chicken Truck we've selected, and build it into a larger truck. For as low as $10000, you get a truck that's equipped with a restaurant. At the beginning, rent is $1000 (on par with average rent rates in LA) but you can double the price in the end. It's a decent business model.
Music. One could take a popular song and get it remixed to have it performed by a professional on a stage. The business can go from $600 to $6000.
Online Stores Business. One could open a small shop on the internet for a small monthly fee. Of course this would require the need for a computer, a domain name and an account. Once one makes the necessary arrangements, one could set up a small store and sell as many products as one can afford.
Dry Cleaning and Washing service. With a small start up costs, one could save a lot of money to get start up working.
Hair Stylists. This is not a traditional profitable, yet affordable option, but it’s a must for any girl who needs a new look.
Cleaning and Care services. This business might need some high priced equipment, but does not need a fancy store that is not always necessary. One could also set up such a business to get as low as $3000. High profit margins could make such a service profitable.
Car washes. Another option is to open a car washes at $1500.
Barbershop. This is a reasonably lucrative business. One can set up in a small location, getting it up and making the process of a haircut profitable. One can rent a small storefront for about $2000 a month.
Computer Service. Computer repair is something that is too complex for a company to start out with and the costs would be very high. For as low as $6000, one can make it work. This would also be a medium to profitable business.
House cleaning and maid service. From $1000, one can open two cleaning outlets and one maid service branch. With these branches, they can get a substantial amount of business during their busiest season.
Hair Dyeing. Hair dyeing businesses were once considered not too profitable. This can be changed thanks to the Internet, where there are many businesses that will pay you to color hair. You can use the Internet to check out hair color businesses and then negotiate a business agreement with them for a low price with a high enough profit margin.
Lawn Care. One can hire someone to mow their lawn and cut it for half that of an average worker. This provides them with a high margin and could be enough to cover your first and last month's expenses. The lawn care worker could also be paid half the wages of an average worker. Lawn care can also be done for low prices.
Small Computer Network. If one could find the needed hardware and some software, this business becomes an easy option. Once one could get a few computers, they could start setting up a network. If one did not need the computers much, one could set up a network that would allow the computers and Internet access and then just run this business without buying any computers or Internet service. Of course, the network equipment needed should be fairly cheap to purchase, but the business is not really that profitable. With a
Car Repair and other similar business that uses parts. Parts stores in particular can become very profitable within a short period of time. Especially if the parts are in short supply in other areas to support the demand of such service centers.
Auto Shop. This would be a high risk, high risk, low risk venture. One could start a business with as little as $4000 to start up.
Lawn mowing service. This service is quite profitable if demand is great and there is a high demand of mowing service in that area.
Jewelry and accessories. This option does not require any real skill or knowledge, and all the necessary equipment is around the house, so one could start this business for as little as $500 to $7000 as income.
Hair Salon. While it is not really profitable, one could set up a hair salon for as low as $2000. The cost of operating a hair salon would not be bad, but the equipment is not too expensive. This option is fairly profitable.
Barbershop. One could buy a barber pole for $500, and make up most of the profit is from the tips generated by haircuts. In order to make a decent amount of profit, one would have to pay the barbers 10% of the amount given for a haircut.
Auto Detailing. This operation is another option, again not cost of start up, but cost of running the business. This option costs $4000 to purchase the required equipment which then takes $4000/mo to pay for expenses. This would make up the cost of the initial startup for this option.
Baked Goods Store. One can set up a small bakery on about $2000, buying the necessary equipment for start-ups. This option would be moderately profitable, just not too profitable for a start-up.
Home-Based Business. The need to open a store is no longer necessary for this type of business. Since it is self-sufficient, one can start small and grow as needed. This is a moderate to low profit possibility, but is possible.
Pet Food Business. Pet foods are a very profitable business, but very hard to start up.
Jewelry Store. This business may require more money to get up and running, but there is no need to incur high expenses to get the business running. For as low as $2000, one can get the business up and running with all the required equipment. This is a somewhat profitable business that demands a considerable investment.
Car washes. To do this, one first does a small cleaning business, then does a small auto-wash business, then does a business for all cars of a certain make & model. This business is a little more profitable, but its a little more money to start and more maintenance on the vehicles.
Hair Salon. One can purchase a hair salon for as little as $1500 to start doing hair work. This business is not entirely profitable, as many people do not want their hair cut by an amateur. However, it makes a great home-based option during the recession and a business when the stock market is booming.
Business Cards. This business could be profitable by operating at a higher level, but does not have to be.
Grocery Store. This option works for most people that would require low prices. When in a high density market in the suburbs, small grocery stores are quite viable. One would need to make some minor modifications to make this viable from a profit standpoint but it can be easily set up and be set-up to serve a high volume of customers.
Small Cafe. This business is quite profitable for as low as $1500. One need not have a lot of equipment to open this business up, and it is reasonably affordable at as low as the required equipment.
Web design service. A person could set up an email marketing service as a small business for as low as $1500 and get in on the ground floor of internet marketing.
Dental Office. As low as $1000, one could purchase a dental office for $1000 and begin their business.
Pet Care Business. This option requires some knowledge on how to run the business, but could cost an as low as $2000 to start the business.
Lawn Care. When it comes to lawn care, everyone knows that a lawn needs to be mowed once or twice a week. It is a profitable and popular business. One could have a lawn for as low as $6000, and mow it twice a week. Lawn mowing can be done as a weekend venture or by one night a week.
Biking store. This is another option, because it does not need a store. One can get a bike for as little as $1000 and start biking to earn money. This is quite lucrative and not too expensive.
Cleaner Services. One could setup and operate a company on behalf of cleaning out rooms. There would be no need to advertise or take a license, the idea being that it is not necessary. The owner does not need a store to handle the bookkeeping or the inventory. Total cost:$2000
Dog walking. This business could be profitable in cities, but would most likely not be a profitable business in rural areas since people would not see the need to go there for their services.
Lumber Yard or Home Improvement stores. Home Improvement is usually the second best choice if you have to pay for the items out of your profit.
Ice Cream cart. The minimum start up costs for your ice cream cart business are much higher than most. Starting up requires a little bit of money to get started, but the money is not required for long. It usually takes about three months before the business starts making enough money to cover all the start up costs.
Restaurant, Cafeteria, Bar, etc. For these options, I've chosen to list out prices above for the same, because the cost of rent could be added. For a small cafe or restaurant this could cost about $3500 to rent a storefront for ten hours a week for a period of one year. This could add $500 a month in rent. When the restaurant or cafe is open, a person could then invest about $2000 in the business.
Painting and Decorating. One could set up a painting business for as low as $2000, making it profitable. This would not require too much location, since customers would be out there.
Bakery. A bakery would be a great niche for a startup company. It is one of the largest sectors in the United States. This sector includes bread products. One could purchase the equipment for $4999 and hire the other services, which would work out to about $6000. The investment would also result in higher profits in the long term, which would be greater than the $15000 that one would spend to have an ice cream truck in season in southern California.
Baking business. This one is a little more profitable than cleaning and service. Depending on location, one can get the required equipment for a profit.
Cleaning and Care service business. This is another option one could consider, depending on demand. Start up costs can begin at about $1500, which is slightly profitable and makes for a viable business. One can also sell their goods at a higher price and make more from the sale of the goods.
Internet Cafe. Internet cafes do not have a huge demand, but still have the same profitability as other business options.
Coffee Shop. If one chooses to set up a coffee shop near work, the rent may be too high for the owner to pay, considering that they would have a good number of customers walking in their store looking to buy coffee. This is not an option for a coffee shop near home.
Grocery Store. The same as #1 above, but instead of it taking up a space, it takes the grocery store space.
Baking Service. This could take about $3000 to start up and be profitable for a minimum of three years.
Lawn Care. This is not a business that may be profitable based on its low profit margin. However, one can rent a lawn mower ($500) and set up a lawn care service for as low as $7000. It is moderately profitable, and the low start up costs makes it an easy option.
Hair and Beauty salons. This option requires a location and a big following and a potential for repeat clientele. With $10,000, one can start this business and get to know it well and start promoting it. At this level of profit, they could easily pay off a business loan and start a nice steady stream of customers.
Car Detailing. One could get all the necessary equipment and get an idea of costs once the business is going strong, and also get a great idea of the profit margins for a car detailing business. This is a very profitable business for someone in need for start up money
Construction company. Another business that could start out with low costs. One could open one’s own construction company for as low as $5000 to $10,000 depending on the type of building, location, and the type of work needed. The equipment needed need to be imported from a different countries.
Home Service of Music and Movies. This option is very profitable. $6000 should be able to cover all the costs. The equipment used in this type of business is also a profitable option.
Cleaning and Repair services. This business does not necessarily need a store, which saves money. For as low as $1800, one can establish an air purifier business that can help both the household and commercial properties. The low start up costs make it an attractive option.
Restaurant. Even if it does not need much capital, one should definitely use a venture fund to start their business. They could set up a small restaurant business for as low as $15000. This option is moderately profitable, but demand depends on location.
Cleaning and Care Services
Electric Bike. This is a great option in terms of low start up costs, yet the same options as the woodworking shop (same equipment and similar business ideas to the woodworking shop, such as selling coffee/tea cups). These electric bikes are fairly profitable and are ideal for the summer.
Music Store. One could get one of those old-fashioned record stores for as low as $200 and run this on their own. The music business is not in much demand but is highly profitable during the high profit seasons.
Restaurant. This business can get quite profitable if the right market exists for the restaurant, but also have other options, like a bar or coffee shop. For $5000, one could get a well-run restaurant that would cost quite a bit more to run. A good spot could easily make more than $5000 to own a business, which are easily affordable on a loan.
Painting/Carpentry workshop. Cost to start such a business is the least as the initial investment is the cost to purchase the equipment. There are also expenses involved like installation expenses.
Small Business Loans. For high margin businesses, such as retail businesses, one can get loans for as low as $5000 for as small business as the startup costs that are involved.
Golf Props. One could purchase these and go about their business.
Painting Shop. This business is quite profitable and the low cost of raw materials makes it a solid business to start. It will take time for the business to start producing profits.
Online businesses. All online businesses can work on low start up costs, but not all can be profitable. Some offer low monthly profit margins, and others have a profit margin of 0%. The internet should offer high margins to online businesses, but the business ideas here are from people who made their money on the internet, so of course it is up to them to decide if they need to charge more or if they can afford to charge less.
Floral Boutique. This is a good option if the store is located in a more affluent area with a good variety of products that can cater to a large number of people. These flowers are more perishable, so the profits would be smaller.
Lawn and Garden service. It is very cost effective to get a lawn mower for as low as $1500 and have the business up and running in a day or two.
Bait and Hook Fish Restaurant. The catch of this business is that it needs high demand, low cost of labor, and a lot of capital to start. The capital for equipment, labor, and initial costs of the store. If we are not able to provide all this, we may need a financial partner to help provide the capital.
Personal Computer repair shop. One can either open a repair shop or use their service, or buy and pay to outsource at $7000. This is low money that can go for many different business choices, as long as it is a business that can support a loan.
Hair stylist business. This business, is one of those few examples of a high profit margin business, but one that costs almost nothing to enter. A woman can come up with a few hundred dollars to have an appointment with a woman that is a hair stylist. A few dozen dollars goes a long way when done in a short period of time. There are few places that will give free services or advertise.
Small Business Investment. There are many small businesses that are just starting to earn profits, and not too many that have made an income. The reason for this is that although these businesses start in many ways like others that we’ve outlined in this list of business ideas, the profit rates that they earn are rather low. For for example, an advertising business starts somewhere around the $50,000 mark. But the actual profit that this business makes in an entire year depends on the size of advertising
Carpet & Floor Covering. For as low as $500, one can get the required equipment and start their business. This option is slightly profitable, but depends on location.
Home Improvement Service. A typical home improvement service business does not always come up with huge profit margins. A minimum investment of $7500 is quite feasible, or one can just start their own service business with a $2500 initial capital.
Video Game Console and/or Gaming Store. This business requires a lot of cash flow. It can be profitable, or even profitable in the short term but not after a long run. For this business, one should expect investment of about $4000 to start up the business.
Real Estate Brokers. In some locations, the only property a real estate broker is doing business with is properties, or buildings where they are not the sole owner, but they may have clients who would want to own the property. These types of opportunities do not require as much overhead and may be even profitable.
Restaurant. A restaurant is a place where people gather and enjoy various types of foods, especially alcoholic beverages. A typical restaurant offers fast food that is very similar to those sold in fast food restaurants. One could purchase a fast food restaurant and open it for as low as $4000. Once it is opened, this would probably cost close to $12000 for rent, insurance, and other miscellaneous expenses.
Barter/Swap Shop. One could set up a barter and swap shop to provide services and sell products for as low as $4000. This should provide quite a little profit, although it really depends on demand. This is a great business for a startup.
Car Dealership. This option costs a little more. One could sell their car for $5000 which would bring the total expense up to about $8000. The advantage of this business is that the customer can look for a more suitable model which also saves them from buying the car. The disadvantage is that one has to be able to sell this car at a higher profit than in other parts of the country, a very difficult market to thrive in. Here the opportunity to buy a franchise for the same dealership
Photography Studio. This is a fairly large and well known business which would require some equipment and office space. One could purchase camera equipment and a photo studio in that area for approximately $6000. After the initial expenses, one would have a business that is profitable with a high return on investment and would have enough profit margin to cover the loans needed for expansion. No physical location required.
Funeral Home. One can hire a funeral director for a very low fee for a few hours per week and make this part of their business. This part of the business is not as profitable in the beginning.
Air Duct Cleaning. One can obtain air duct cleaning at $1000. With a lot of work the profits for this are quite high. Air duct cleaning is also a very profitable option during winter months.
Photography. To make a photography business viable, it will have to pay for some of its equipment from it is own pocket. Also to get more photography work it has to pay a photographer, which is an even more costly option.
A Hair Salon. Here a similar business to hair care, but not related in particular, would cost $4000.
Music Store. As long as a sound engineer wants to set up a sound equipment store for as low as $4000 to start with, there is no reason why one could not get up and running soon later.
Hair Salon. With a little business knowledge and good marketing strategies in place, one could rent a small clean cut business for as low as $1000. This business is moderately profitable and will bring in profit in the summer season where customers are more affluent.
Hair Care Salon. If starting a hair salon, one needs a lot of money or a lot of experience to achieve an income for a year. These are very profitable, but not feasible when low or more experienced.
Personal Shopper. This is the best option when there is no specific store market. For as low as $2000, one gets all the equipment required to start a business. This is a moderate to high profitable business, depending on one's location.
Online store. This business may be low on profit margins, but will most likely be profitable on a loan.
Golf Course Maintenance. This is a very lucrative option for just starting out. As low as $3200 will get one started.
Floral shop. One could set up a flower shop and grow their business by expanding the scope of services they provide. The start up cost is as little as $2000, but this option is not feasible because this business requires a high profit margin before they can make some money.
Personal Training services. One can get personal trainer and gym for as low as $2000 to start up. This is a moderately profitable option, but demand and location depends on what you have in mind.
Video Games and Computer Hardware. As one would start out with low-cost equipment; this would normally give them the high profit. These businesses are quite profitable.
Small Cafe. One could get a small cafe started for as low as $1500. This option is not very profitable, but it does not have much competition.
Custom Paint Services. One could set up their own paint shop. These businesses do not charge much more than $600 per month, which makes them relatively profitable.
Gas Station. There are places that rent out a gas station for between $600-$2000/month, which may not be much at all when there is no competition. However, this business seems to generate more demand in major cities.
Small Restaurant. This option is not so profitable. The small restaurant requires a large menu to generate sales, and this could cost significantly more than $6000.
Ice Cream truck, but with more services. The ice cream trucks in the summer months are really good profit makers. This option is somewhat more profitable, but it requires more work and space. This business can start out as a small company and grow into a large business.
Barbershop and Hair Salon. Both require a set up costs a small business would like to get out of the way, that is $250 to get the equipment, and for a $3000 or more for start-up and equipment. Both options can be started at $3000, and be profitable.
Web design services. These companies charge a large amount for the same results. Since they do not have a store, they do not need too much capital.
Small Restaurant. One could open small restaurant, and have it start as a take out only place. If the location is not too large or too busy, it can open its doors and turn over at little to no cost. When demand increases, the restaurant would be more profitable. The money needed to open a restaurant is no higher than a couple of thousand dollars, while one could get a restaurant for as low as $5
Business Magazine. This idea is similar to the other ideas that were mentioned earlier, you need to find a location and advertise in the business magazine to attract customers.
Dry Cleaning. Cleaning services does not always need a store. One could easily set up a dry cleaning business for $3000-$5000, including start up costs. These businesses are highly profitable during the summer seasons, but as demand decreases during the winter months.
Painting and Tiling. This business is profitable, especially during long seasons.
Video Rental. A business that gives out videos for free. Although it doesn't always make money, but is profitable. $3000 for equipment and software.
Grocery Store. One can either start a grocery store at a low-cost grocery store or at a grocery store that has higher overhead. If you have a little money, you can start with the low-cost store. If you have no money, your choice is the low-overhead store. The low-cost store can be very profitable because it does not have to worry about staff wages or other management costs, whereas, the high-overhead store could be just as profitable because it
Automotive Repair Shop. One can easily make this money by purchasing a used or new car, fixing the car, and rebranding the car. This makes it a very lucrative option.
Car Wash. This option costs around $3000, which does not seem like too high of a cost. One can get up and running for as low as $4000, then as high as $8000 to clean/inspect vehicles.
Tv Store. One could set up a store for as low as $2000 for as much as possible, depending on location, and not all locations are good business locations.
Web Design and Internet related services. One can set up a web designing business for a lot cheaper than starting a physical shop. Internet related services are not as profitable as physical shops as they cannot offer a large range of services and therefore require a smaller customer base. In order to generate a profit, a web designer should charge a high enough fee to cover all the basic costs of operation.
Auto Repair. One could get an old car for as low as $2000 and convert it into a profitable auto repair shop. The location would depend on the size/profitability of the area.
Car Wash. One could choose the more profitable option of installing an automobile wash service. Carwashes with good prices are available, but cost more. To get one up and running, you would need to set it up to make money. Carwashes typically cost $2500 or more for an initial install. Then you will have to run it at regular intervals for at least three or four months. You may want to include the cost of the employees and the cost of running it around the city.
Music Lessons. One could consider a lesson in music education as a business idea. By teaching students music theory, the business can be profitable in the long run, and with a little planning and hard work, it can be a profitable online business as well. This cost $3000 to start up and has a small operating margin because students are students, which means they are less motivated in learning how to play the instrument well. This business could also get a little more profitable if it was online at first and
Lawn and Garden Maintenance Business. In some areas, people do not want to mow their lawn or keep their garden watered. They would purchase a lawn and garden business and rent the necessary equipment to do their maintenance. Their cost only needs to be $250 to begin. This option is moderately profitable.
Gasoline service station. If one owns a gas station, one can have a car wash business as a sideline and will make a good amount of money. If the business doesn't run well, it does not matter if one owns a gas station.
Photography. The price per photo ranges from $100's for a few shots up to $900 for a large number of photos. One can start this business up at a very low cost, depending on the quality of photography, but this business may not be big enough to create much profit.
Baking Shop. One could purchase a basic 1,000 square feet bakery at a reasonable price for $3500. There are many small bakery shops on the market, but they are not profitable.
Bait shop. One could open one in their backyard with as low as $3000 up to about $6000 depending on location, nature of the business and profit margin.
Home-based business. Although a little more complicated, this business option can be an option for you as well. A couple of hours of work time up front can get you up and running.
Jewelry Designer. For as low as $3000, one can start a business designing and selling jewelry. This is a very profitable option because a shop front offers a place for people to see one or more of one's creations. Also, it is relatively easy for this type of business to expand.
Custom car sales. Since vehicles are quite profitable at this time, one may be able to secure a lease to sell such autos. In fact, this is the largest opportunity that they may have.
Office. This business is also not necessarily a startup, and the same amount of work can be hired with the same salary. This becomes even more so with as low as $3000. An office of that size could handle 20 people, including the boss.
Real Estate businesses. One need not invest in realty in order to run a real estate business. One could actually start one of the following businesses in order to cover the cost of a loan.
Confectioner. One could purchase a cookie machine at $500, which has the capability for making several different varieties of cookies. This comes at an affordable price and is relatively small in size.
Coffee Shop. This business is not as profitable as it is to have an ice cream truck, but for the low prices starting at $6000, there is nothing to stop one from opening a stand selling espresso for coffee. This is one of the least profitable business ideas one could come up with.
Convenience store. This is one of the easiest business idea to get a loan for, as the income can be quite high, and the repayment period is very short. The high profit margin make it cost effective. Once you begin making sales, though, it becomes more difficult to find the funds to keep growing without any debt.
Barber Shop. One could hire a barber for as little as $1500 to start a business. There is demand, but it is quite limited. Barber shops can start for $2000 and get steady growth. More money and higher customer interest makes it more lucrative. This is a higher margin option, but a lower profit margin business.
Car Wash. One should not have to pay $3 to wash a car. Having a car wash for $3000 or so would most likely get one a loan.
A computer repair shop. One can start a computer repair firm for as low as $2000 without making too much profit. This kind of business is profitable during business periods, but could fail in certain seasons.
Home Business. This would normally require a larger premises to rent, but if there is a small store on the premises, renting may not be a problem. Also this option can produce a good income, and there are other businesses that employ people for low prices.
Dry Cleaning and Laundry Services. Dry cleaning is one of the most profitable business in this list. One could obtain a dry cleaning store for as low as $4500. It is a fairly profitable business, but requires a great location.
Baking. Making some bread or other baked goods would be an economical choice. One could make a large bag of flour at as low as $2000.
Home business. This business would require little investment, as the need for housing is low. If your need are higher, the initial investment would not be as low. This business is moderate profitable, and would be a good option to take on once they established themselves.
Internet Cafés. One could set up an internet café for as low as $3000 and run it. This business could even be a part time business, saving time needed to operate a store. These businesses are highly profitable.
Cleaning and Care service businesses. This is the best option among the above, but the start up costs would be higher than in other options. However, with a lower startup costs, this option is financially feasible.
Bookkeeping Services. This business offers the lowest rates in all states of the US due to its low starting costs. These services do require a store, which makes it viable. If the bookkeeping is done on site, the cost goes down to $2500.
Home remodeling company. For as much as about $2500, one could rent out certain rooms in the house of a single individual. These rooms could be decorated and could be rented out for $100 to $200 per month.
House cleaning or pest control business. This business might not require a store or a garage space, but the money one spends on it is going to the upkeep of the place. As little as $1000 buys you some of the items to set up a store. One must plan a business well and have a large amount of capital at ready.
Housekeeping or Cleaning Services. This business is another option that is moderately profitable, as they rent a room with a toilet and a small kitchen. If that room is not rented out, they could not make much profit on it. A low amount of equipment for this type of business is $6000. This type of business is not that profitable.
Auto Repair business. One can get an auto repair shop started for as low as $2700. The equipment costs would not be as high as for cleaning services, but would only increase starting expenses.
Business School. One could start a training and education business for less than $15000 on a lease. This could be a very lucrative option for someone who has little experience and is willing to start off with a very low startup cost.
Beauty Salon. One could set up a beauty salon for as low as $700, which does not require a lot of equipment if you do not have any experience. The most profitable option is if one knows the market demand, so the store location does not really matter. The beauty salon is profitable if one could expand its market with good reputation, service for the price in market and good business sense.
Hair Salon. This business is not really a huge idea and it might be hard to make it profitable. The costs are quite high (approx $13000 to get all equipment), but demand is high and the benefits are very high.
Cleaning service. This option may be even cost effective, costing only a few hundred for a small cleaning company. This business works as much as 9,000 people per day
Drycleaning. A $6000 investment can start up a drycleaning and beauty services business at minimal cost. This is not necessarily a great business, but the rent costs are low.
Auto repairs. Start this business with as low as $2000 down by paying monthly, then if the business is profitable enough, you can get a bigger loan up to $2000. The start up requirements should be quite minimal, but at least have the ability to make loan payments. You could set up this business in a very small space with one pay out and one pay in. The down side is that you would be spending more on fuel in the beginning phases.
Web design company. This is a small business, and requires a smaller space too. It has no profit margins. It may even need to hire part-time employees to fill out the hours. However, this option may not be realistic if the competition is too strong.
Florist. One could get a small place to rent out a flower shop. One would only need a handful of bouquets to make this profitable. $5000 is plenty to get two people to start their own store.
Hair Dyeing, and Salon. Hair dyeing is a bit more profitable, and is also more localized. This is one of the higher priced options, which is why hair dyeing is more feasible, especially in cities with less availability of hair dye. But, the high profit margin and high start up costs makes this business viable.
Pet Shops. This is another good option for a low cost low revenue profitable business that is usually found in the low middle-class family. One could set up their own pet shop, for $3000 to $5000 with about half of this purchase price as the rent or the land.
Dental Shop. One could start a dentistry business for as low as $2000. This would be profitable. This is due to low costs for office space, and good profits from the high dental patients. This is a very viable business to start.
Car Wash. One could set up a car wash business for as low as $3000. Most carwash businesses are quite profitable, and they don't actually need to have a physical store as such.
Home Cleaning Contractor. This one is a profitable job, but the price depends on the experience level of the person doing it, so one should know if a woodworking shop is more suited for the job.
Painting. There are many profitable and cheap businesses that paint houses, such as painting your home for $20 a week or $25 per week.
Home Maintenance Companies. Another good option, with a low rate and an easy start up, one can set up as little as 1,000 sq ft with equipment and hire help. This could be as low as $5000 and as high as $20,000 depending on cost of starting.
Restaurant, Bar and Grub joint. This option is very very expensive at the start, but is one that could grow if there's an area that the business can be good in. The business would need a license to be able to open. This is a high risk option of setting up; do not consider it.
Car Wash business. Starting from $8000 in start up expenses, one can set up a car washer business with a little capital.
Gas Refill service and fill up. This can be done on gas stations with up to 1000/day traffic to a minimum of $3000. One can use up to 10/day for less than $6000.
Hair Stylist. Again, no cost for equipment and a low starting cost.
Home Decor Shop (a.k.a. Hair salon / Waxing / Cuttings). If one buys a small town home or suburban house to open a hair salon, having a salon shop becomes feasible if demand increases. This will cost somewhere around $8000-$12000 and the total will be about $20,000 before costs of materials.
Auto repair shop. One can easily get all the equipment for as low as $6000 to start an auto repair business. This option is very profitable. Low profits are required because one cannot sell cars to a client. This is an ideal business model where you can sell cars in your current location or rent to someone.
Dog Walkers. As with service, demand depends on location. You could set up a good number of dog walkers, and get a good number of customers, which might net you $3000 per month or $10,000 for a year.
Floral Design Studio. This business costs less than $3000, but can be very profitable if the flowers are purchased from a reputable and authentic shop that specializes in wholesale flowers, rather than imports.
Home Services. As low as $5000, one can install carpet, tile or wood floors, and a carpet or tile cleaner starts their home services. As low as $3000, one can install a vinyl and tile shower, and start their cleaning company.
Dumpster Rental. One could rent a dumpster and start a business renting out those same dumpsters. They could price $12,500 for a large dumpster with four wheels and four arms, and $3500 for the small one with eight wheels and 4 arms. However after the first 30 days, there is not much of a profit, so you will need that money upfront to keep the business running.
Bakery. One can set up a bakery for as low as $6000, excluding rent. This business is highly profitable because it is easily scalable.
Hair Salons. This business is not lucrative, but for an affordable $1000, one could start a salon in their home with a good salary.
Music studio. One could get all the required equipment and start their music studio from as low as $1220 to get their music studio running. This option would not be very profitable, but is very viable on an equity loan.
Home repair services. For as low as $1000, one could own their own repair shop, fixing stuff on their own. This business could be very profitable if the demand is high enough. The business is also quite safe and the pay can be higher than regular retail.
Auto repair business. One could make a profit in this type of business even with a low budget of $4000-5000, mainly because there are a number of repair businesses that can make you cash. There are many shops that charge an affordable price that can work under the budget of $4000.
B&B House. This business usually needs a store front, and can be operated on less than $3000.
A hardware store. This is a more common option that a small business needs to make a profit. One has to look for locations that would be a perfect fit for this business.
Jewelry Repair Stalls and Services. One could purchase a jeweler stall or a jeweler service for as low as $1000 and setup shop for as low as $3000.
Car Wash. You would need to set up the car wash and a parking lot before you could get a loan of about $16000 for up to 15 cars to run the day to day business. Of course you also have to acquire all the necessary equipment and have a good reputation in your area for referrals.
Funeral Director. One could set up a funeral home for as low as $2000 all the way up to as much as $12000, depending on location and number of family members. This option is moderately profitable in most cases.
Restaurant business. This option requires at least a minimum of 200 to 250 square feet of space to get going. This would mean starting up from a small business as soon as possible. The main income is generated by your own food and drinks business, which could be quite lucrative.
Video Store. This type of video store would require very little money other than the video equipment. This could even be a franchise business. One can obtain an equipment for such an easy way to open a video store. As low as $2000 can get one up and running.
Home based online store. One could start this business through a website for an extremely low cost. In a matter of a couple of years, they could make money from this business.
Photography Studio. One can make money from their photography studios with as little as $5000. An extremely high amount is $10000. For this high amount of money, you must find a large space, which is not too hard to find or rent.
Coffee Bar. There are many coffee shops that are profitable, so one could open up a similar coffee shop for as low as $1000. One could even offer a special, a cup of coffee at any time for 5 cent. Another option is that all the barbershops around the city could join forces and offer a special coffee service for as much as 85 cents.
Ice Cream Bar. A few ice cream bars can easily make $1000-$3000 each, if one only has to charge 20 cents, which is not too much compared to the retail price of ice cream. Some business cards for $15.
Dry Cleaning Services. This is obviously a great option, the downside is you have to be the owner, so you need a business license. This option is affordable, but if you are not the owner, it will cost you a lot of money. This business is extremely lucrative if you own the store.
Music and DJ’s. Music and DJ’s are not very lucrative in South Florida, but it is the most profitable of all options for a store. A $7000 to the store is fairly standard. In addition to regular payments, one can get an additional $10 to $15,000 of personal loans to be used to either pay expenses for the store or to pay off a loan.
Bikes Rental business. One could go with this option since it is pretty profitable and it would not require a store. As low as $8000, one can rent out their bike and have enough money to start up. This would be moderately profitable if a good number of bikes were rented out.
Florist. One could set up an flowers business for as low as $1500 without a store and start making money. Their profitability decreases on warm evenings as well. One also needs to think about selling flowers to the wedding planner as part of the sale.
House cleaning or lawn care services. For as low as $1000 start up business, one can clean houses or the lawns of people in the neighborhood and earn a decent income. This is moderately profitable, and not too expensive.
Carwash/Gasoline Station. This business would be more profitable to operate in warmer climates. By running a gas station, instead of a carwash, the high profit margins in summer months would make up for the lack of profits in winter months. The only time this could be profitable is at the beginning of the year when there is a huge rush of drivers for gas or oil.
Pet Supplies. One could set up a pet supplies business for as low as $6000 and get the entire inventory up and running. These kind of businesses are not too profitable compared to other business ideas, however they do have a high demand, so it's not hard to get a loan.
Barber Shop. One could start a barber shop for $1600 and get it up and running within a year. For this business, as low as $2500 will do the trick, but one can save enough money from rental charges to have a nice life afterwards.
Small retailing stores. There are a few options for this. This business can be a grocery store, a barber shop, a pet shop, etc. The total can even be up to an additional $10,000 to start the business without rent.
Home Depot. The average cost of starting up a store in the area would be around $6000, including start-up costs.
Real Estate. One could purchase some houses and rent out them, but this is not very lucrative.
Hair Salon. It would cost around $3000 to start up the business. The same as other hair salons, this business would have to rent. If this same equipment is used to serve hair salons, the customers have more customers.
Auto Repair. One could rent a car and repair it for as low as $8000 to $10,000 or purchase a small car and repair it for $10,000 or more to start a business. These are fairly profitable.
Hair Transplant center. This would not be too profitable, but is one of the most viable options in terms of start up costs.
Biz services. This business would require a store front, which may cost a pretty large total cost to the company. One could choose the location by using a local service to place your business.
Auto repair shop. One can even set up the shop as a repair business, which can be more profitable. This would involve buying all the required equipment for their shop and lease it out to them for more profit, taking the total up to about $12500.
Golf Course. This is a viable option if a small business with relatively low-demand. Although it costs a little more than starting from scratch, this is a viable option.
A Restaurant/Bar. There needs to be a large amount of demand, for for example a large amount of people who will order the food. In order to maximize profits, one would need to use this space to have a lot of people gather around a table to enjoy the food.
Grocery Store. One can go for an all-inclusive option for as low as $1500 to start their business. It is moderately profitable, but demand depends on location.
Businesses that offer Internet based online shopping. One needs to set up an e-commerce business for as low as $2000 to become profitable.
Pet Shop. One could buy a pet shop for between $5000-10000 and open it up. In this business the monthly expenses are lower, and there are many profit margins to consider when opening an established business.
Beauty Pageant. This option requires less capital and has a higher profit margin. These are not many other options.
Construction supplies. One could obtain materials necessary for construction projects at a cost of about $6000. These are moderately profitable, and have a good cash flow.
Housekeeping. If one had the expertise, this could be an excellent business option. The best case scenario is to get a job. The lower cases are to open your own shop without a full time employee and work within your skill level. This works out to be $1380 to start up.
Photography Studio. This option is profitable, because there is demand but not as much as for a photography gallery. The business would require more capital to set up, but could still turn a quick profit of up to $3000 in a few months.
Home cleaning and care. This option costs about the same of the first two. However, it is very likely that there will be demand. Some people do not have the time to wash their homes and this business can fill the demand.
Business Card. One could establish a card business for just $3500, a very profitable option, though not very popular.
Pet Sitting Business. This business could be started for as low as $6000. This could be a highly lucrative option in many business locations.
Cleaning and Services Business. This is also a good option, but not quite so low cost. It is less profitable, but also less time consuming and less risky. However, it would cost $5000 to $7000 to start up.
Dry Cleaner. One could start this business for as low as $2000 if one does all the cleaning and care work on his own. One would need to bring in enough money to purchase supplies, set up a booth, and advertise in order to make this business a thriving business. The lower the starting up cost, the better the profit margin.
Personal Training. It is not too difficult for one to set up a home based training service. A business can be started for less than $1500 and be profitable with a good growth.
Jewelry business. This business would profit handsomely if they were able to rent a large part of their building and could use a loan to expand their business.
Coffee shop/bar. One could set up a coffee shop/bar for as low as $5000-$10000 in a small area and get it started up. Coffee is an exceptionally profitable market, and the low start-up costs make it a viable option. This however, demands more employees to handle this business.
A Hair Studio. A hair salon can be as low as $800 a month. Start-up expenses are minimal and this business would be profitable once a client starts paying a monthly amount.
Hair Salon. This is probably the most lucrative and profitable business to start a company in the area. $2400 to $3000 can get one started. This business requires more than one person to run, but is quite profitable.
Grocery Store. One can purchase the retail portion of the business for as low as $2000. This makes this option very profitable and easily afforable. The retail store is just the cost of buying the equipment and labor used to run the store.
Painting and Decorating. This business makes around $1000-$1400 per day, depending on need and location, but this is not a profitable business. So the amount for start up is slightly higher than the two previous options.
Real Estate. Getting low on real estate may not be worth it, since real estate is typically a low margin business anyway.
Custom Tattoos. One could set up a custom tattoo shop for as low as $2000, excluding rent, taking the total up to about $10,000 to start up.
Hair Salon. For as low as $3000, business can be started. This option is moderately profitable, with high demand because everyone wants a haircut.
Restaurant. One could open a restaurant and start the business for close to twice what it costs to buy a restaurant, which is about $3500. With a lot of planning and a small store for the cashier, this business can be very profitable as you are starting with a $2000 investment.
Cleaning Services. All things considered, this is less profitable than a woodworking store, but can be used in locations that are seasonal for the need to be more profitable. With a starting cost of $600 a week, this is a great business to consider for those of you looking to move into starting a business.
Dog Breeding. In this case it would be wise to get a loan of a few thousand to purchase all the requirements. The costs would come down because of the smaller number of animals to have for the business.
Internet Marketing. One could set up Internet Marketing for as low as $6000, taking the total up to about $9000 to start up. These are moderately profitable, as are the other businesses listed in this category. But location is a key factor, as there will be competition with other companies in a specific location.
Real Estate. One can use real-estate investment to start a business and invest. One simply rents their property out and makes money from the rental income. This may require an investment of $10000 and would make one less profitable, because rent on the land is typically the only profit one can get while making it.
Convenience Store. One does not need too much space to run a business of this type. From 1 – 5,000 square feet, the space can be rented or purchased. This option is quite profitable.
Cleaning and Care Shop. This business does need a store, but for as low as $500 to $700 to start. This also a viable option for businesses that need more revenue.
Real Estate. The rent for real estate is the most difficult to calculate out. For as low as $1000, one can easily start this business. It will take about a year for the business to be profitable, but would return a very high rate of return.
Painting service. A couple of thousand dollars is all that is needed to get started. The low startup costs are not bad either. Not too expensive and extremely profitable.
Small business manufacturing. One could get a small business to set up a small manufacturing business for as low as $8000, but it can also get set up for under $5000 or under $1500. Small industrial equipment may cost $1000. The profit margins here are higher then the market, but not lower then the industry.
Home Based Business. One could get up and running for as low as $1600 to $2500 depending on the location. With home based businesses, profits depend on location and business, but overall are lower in most situations.
Hairdresser. People still want to keep their hair beautiful, and this business is the perfect place for them to have the look they desire. This business is quite profitable, but also has its down sides. One needs to be patient and careful while starting and operating this business. For as low as $1500, one can have a good start.
Car sales. There are many cars up for sale at a reasonable price for someone who wants to purchase and resell them. With a little bit of research, one can find cars that one can resell to make good profits, and thus get into the business.
Cleaning Services. One could start a cleaning services at as low as $3000, which would make it a moderate profit center. These services can be quite profitable if the location is suitable and the staff is well trained.
Grocery Stores. Grocery stores do not directly compete with other grocery stores or department stores, but they do directly compete with malls and other retail facilities. A grocery store business can cost between $50,000 and $100,000 before rent and other investments.
Pizza & Subs. One can even set up a "Pizza Hut" from scratch for as low as $7000. This business would require the use of all equipment, but if one does, they can get up and running, albeit with a lower profit margin.
Restaurant. There are numerous restaurant options available in the city of Calgary, and every city has them. You will never go wrong with fast food with a low quality of food and high costs. This would be an extremely lucrative opportunity for a new business.
Golf Course Maintenance. For as low as $6000, this would require only as much as a couple of golf carts. This is also a profitable option.
Construction. One could construct a new construction shop for as low as $3000, and get it up and running within 6-8 weeks.
Restaurant. Restaurants are quite profitable, mainly because one can get a high margin, high volume of customers. It may cost a little more to open and operate the restaurant than the ice cream truck business, but the profits are high.
Realization of a Business opportunity is of paramount importance. Once one selects an idea and finds the perfect space for the business, the loan money will come easily.
Dry Cleaning. One can go to a dry cleaning store for as low as $3000 and turn it into a lucrative. There is a demand from local people and families that come in for their personal cleanings, but it is very hard to do a dry cleaning in the winter time. This business would be pretty lucrative, as the cleanings are also one of the profitable ventures here, but the season requires careful management, and customers can turn hostile anytime at all because people usually buy a few sheets
Hair Salon. This option is generally not profitable, costing much more than a similar salon in other areas.
Construction company. This industry is very lucrative if the building being constructed has already been done. The profit margin could be very high if one chooses to build a factory.
Cleaning Company. For as little as $2000, one can open business as a cleaning company. This option is very profitable in comparison to other options, but demands to be in a desirable location.
Home Business, Inc. This company is a profitable one. The average cost to start is $6000, but the maximum cost to start is $50,000. The profit margin is up to 65%, while other businesses may cost around 1%.
Restaurant. One can always begin a restaurant which can yield quite a profit. They will have to eat, so the low cost of owning the business is great. Rent is not a big issue. As low as $1800 one can open up his restaurant and earn at least $3000-$5000 per month. This will not come to a full year end, so they would need a second source of income from another line of business.
Restaurant. This is certainly a popular choice, especially in warmer states where the weather is more favorable. Restaurants typically make little to no profit during the summer months and can be very profitable once the weather turns cool.
Hairdresser. One could set up a hair dresser business for as low as $2000 at a location which would allow the owner to expand that location, which might eventually need to create a second location. The location which would have to expand could then also serve as the location to sell the hair dryer set or other equipment needed for the operation of the hair dryer shop.
Cleaning and Care service for pets. In this option, again one can get the necessary equipment for a low cost, set up a small store, and start the business. This option can be moderately profitable starting the business alone, or with other friends who offer to buy pets and clean them.
Dog grooming. One could open a dog grooming business for as low as $3000, excluding rent. This is another moderate option.
Small grocery stores. This is also a viable option if one lives in a remote area but the economy is good. The most cost effective business would be a small grocery store with a small neighborhood grocery, as per the economy.
Restaurant. The small restaurant might be able to be built for $1000, but even better is the larger scale, or maybe a restaurant chain like McDonald's because it should not be too much to get at least 3 units and maybe also add some features.
Hair Salon. One could set up a hair salon for as low as $2500 so as to begin their business. It would be quite profitable if it has high competition or demand. A location in your home can be as low as $2500, considering a location in your house to be the area that would have most customer for the longest.
Barbershop. $2000 is not too much for barbering for two, but it is low to start up and the owner needs to have money for training.
House keeping. This business could be up and running for a lower price than the above two options. This business needs a lot of space, and if possible, would require a large lot size. For as low as $800, one can open a small business while also saving money.
Laundry Business. This is extremely profitable. One can create a $4000 business with the necessary equipment and start it without capital and get it up on his own.
Pet Shops. This business is a little more profitable as it does require a retail location. A standard size pet shop would need $5000 to be set up properly, or $2500 if starting from scratch.
Car dealership. The car dealership may be a good business if you are in a good market. If you are in a bad market, then one could take a car dealership into the second option in this series.
Internet Service Providers. The list of business ideas that need a loan includes internet service providers. One does not necessarily need a store, though people would prefer to have a store. The $7000 option is possible and the $3000 option is a good possibility.
Home-based business. Since one can easily do this with a small investment, the only thing to consider are the hours and location. These are not much profit opportunities, but you can work if you want to.
Grocery. One could open a grocery store for about $1800, which makes it reasonably profitable. This business is best suited for a large city, but you could always open a small scale store.
Home Based Business. You may need about $30000 to start up, just to pay rent and electricity, and buy a business loan. A business loan would cover everything needed. Also, you need to have other sources of income such as taking on part time work, working part time for others, contracting for labor etc.
Bicycles. Buying a bike would cost anywhere from $3000 to $4000, depending upon if the shop is going to need a larger selection of bikes. This would give you much higher profits, but you still would not have that much to pay back on and it would not require large physical assets due to the low initial purchase cost.
Housekeeping services. These are the house cleaning service. There is not too much demand for this business because it is very expensive to acquire an employee to run the business. The low start up costs would make it feasible for a very low cost loan, up to $500.
Baking Restaurant. This is very profitable for the business, taking the total up to as high as $18000. The low start up costs makes this one of the best options for start up.
House Cleaning and Lawn Maintenance. This is another business that would cost almost $4000, which is an average of what it would take to purchase the supplies necessary to start.
Construction services. This job can be as short as a few months or a few years. A few thousand dollars for as little as a month to start, and then it gets steadily profitable. The total comes out to about $12000 to start up. If you would pay for only a month of work instead of a full year or even 2 years of work, this option is much less than the other options discussed.
Home care. The most expensive way to start this business, would be to lease a private home. This would cost about $30,000. On top of that, the private home would need to be purchased, then the monthly rental and the other expenses would quickly add up.
Dog Day Care. Any business with low profit margins in the summer season could have the dog daycare business as their only asset. If business is thriving during summer months, one can purchase an additional property to increase profit margins or even have a second property to help expand in the spring and fall seasons.
Real Estate Investing. Another way to get started is to open a real-estate investing venture for the least of $3000 to $5000 dollars. The start up of real-estate investing is more profitable than the other options discussed in this section.
Hair Salon, which is not really a business of choice in my opinion.
Video game store. Since video games are quite popular, this is an idea that could work. This store could be set-up for as low as $1300-$1500 for a large area, and the profits are decent.
Internet Service. Since the customer does not come to the store, the store would no longer need to be a profitable business. Since this is the first in a chain of stores, costs to run it should be lower, and thus profit margin is higher.
Car Wash. This business does not necessarily need a business building either. One could easily find a car and wash it for as low as $4000/week. As the business gets bigger, the cost will go down.
Hair Salon. One could set up a shampoo and conditioner business for as low as $27000.
Computer Repair shop. One could get a basic computer repair shop setup for as low as $2000. The equipment is not much to start though, which makes it a decent business.
Home repair and maintenance. If one were to put a mobile repair shop on the corner of the road, this business could be profitable and profitable at the same time.
Barber Shop. This business does not usually need a store, as long as you can be physically present. As low as $1500, one can setup a barbershop business. One can purchase a new shop or lease an existing one.
Cleaning store or service business. By hiring an employee, one could get a cleaning service going for $3000 to $6000. This is not very profitable, but for big cities, small start up.
Lawnmower Repair Service. One could set up this service and charge customers about $1500. This does not necessarily need a business of any size but this is a good money earner.
Restaurant. For as little as $750 one could buy a franchise of a large restaurant with a high profit margin. The owners could get the required equipment and start up their business. As the profit margin is high, this is a very profitable business.
Car Dealership. In this option one would be required to have a few vehicles. You only need two, but they each come with an average lifetime of around 10 year. That means that you get them out in 5-6 years. You still need some money, but in the long run it can be profitable.
Home Care/Personal Care. A home care business like this costs from as little as $2500 to as much as $5000. Here the demand depends on location.
Golf Cart Business. One could purchase a golf cart from a local or state golf course and use it when needed. Some golf courses will pay cash for golf carts, some will reimburse the cost of renting a cart. They use them for their recreation or for showing visitors around. These carts are very profitable.
Personal care services. One could start this business as low as $1500 per month when one rents their house and pays for everything from cleaning and dishwashing to meals, which adds up to about $3500 per month. The money earned could be used to pay off the loan, because a business with a low profit margin cannot afford to take a personal loan.
Dry Cleaning. One can get a dry cleaning service for less than $2000 to start the business. The dry cleaning business in itself can be profitable and the customers could increase with future improvements.
Home Diner. The minimum start up costs for a home diner is quite high, but this should not deter from the idea. With such minimum spend, one can do quite well with this business (about $3500 in the beginning) even though it is not as profitable as one would expect.
Cleaning and Care services. One could buy a cleaning service contract for as low as $4000 to make a business plan that would work well and cost low. This option is moderately profitable, as cleaning businesses are most profitable during the warmer months.
Laundry. Laundromats were common prior to the 20th century. But by using washing machines one could make this business a huge profit in winter, because clothes could be laundered or cleaned at the same time.
Lawn Care and Handyman services. One could run these at low cost of $3000 to $4000, and get to work immediately and provide better financial returns.
Pizza. There are a plethora of pizza restaurants in the United States, with a myriad of options for pizzas. For as low as $1000 one could get started in this business. It is not too profitable as the low start up costs will limit the profit from selling the product, but a $2000 investment is good.
Home & Garden services. This is the best option as far as profitability but it would cost you more than $4500. A home and garden store does not have to be in a rural area, however it does cost a good deal more to buy one.
Auto Repair shop. One can easily get all the equipment needed which would cost a little more than $5000. However, this must be located in a relatively quiet area and could get quite busy.
Photography. For as low as $1500, one can set up a business as a photographer right off of the street. Though not as profitable as the other options, this option is still worth considering.
Ice Cream Shop. This business is an option if one is willing to lease the space. It is moderately profitable, but if one does not wish to make a sizable investment in the start up of the business, it would be a viable plan also.
Bar. One can start their own bar in their backyard for as low as $6000. This is not a high-profit business either, but does allow a person a chance to earn even more money.
Car Wash. For a business to make a profit, you need to be able to charge more for your service than for the item you are washing (like cars) because that makes up such a big portion of your sales. To charge only 75% of the amount of the service requires to make the sale, one should probably charge $250 for the price of the item. This amounts to an annual profit of $4,000.
Personal care and services. This may cost a bit more in start up, but once the business is up and running, it is profitable as well.
A health or exercise center. A small room for as low as $1500 would do and is highly affordable. This is also a medium-profit business, which becomes profitable in a few months. This business is very successful, but one has to depend on others to do most of the work.
Coffee Beanery. One can set up an ice cream/coffee shop for as low as $7000 to start up, if necessary, with the additional equipment and space requirement for a coffee shop. This business is quite lucrative and will be profitable, but demand will be dependant on current local market trends.
Lawn Care. This service is highly profitable, and the customers can walk themselves, or they can rent equipment and clean and maintain the property. This could become a lucrative option if the area is saturated.
Beauty Salon. This is a quite profitable business. This one does not necessarily need to have a store, but having one can definitely increase the profit margin.
Cleaning out a storage locker. The business is not very profitable, but needs the space. You can get one for as low as $500 a month to start the business.
Personal Care Services, Hair Salons, Massage Parlor etc.
Custom Design business. One could sell custom products without a store. If the products are profitable enough, one can easily raise money from a loan.
Hairdressers. This business does not necessarily need a storefront, a good location or good reputation. One can find these shops for as low as $500 plus all the required equipment. These are moderately profitable.
Video Production. With this type of business, there is no start up cost. One could purchase and hire a person to run this type of business for as low as $6000 in total. These are the most profitable business in terms of total profit, taking up $12000 to $12500 per year.
Web site design services. One can take their business to the online market to get more profits. Start it at as low as $6000 and increase it by increments of 20. This is not necessarily a business. There is no sales.
Concrete and Masonry services. This business is a bit unpredictable, but it will make money most of the time, and it could increase its profits if additional locations are added. This one is always profitable, but does not require much money, and could be bought with low down payment, with even low down payment loans.
Restaurant. For as low as $5000, one could start their first restaurant. This option is pretty profitable and is great place to get an in-house chef to provide meals.
Hair Cutting. A hair cutting salon could cost about $6000 to start with. A typical salon can take in about 10% (5
Auto and truck repair. This option has lower profits due to the high cost of required equipment and the long period of time that would take in order to repair the vehicles. One can purchase an auto repair shop, buy used cars, or build a new one with used parts. The profit margins for the above options would drop due to the amount that would be spent for making repairs, and for buying and making repairs. In order for this business to be profitable, the shop would likely need to be located
Business Directory. Many businesses that do not need a store can use a directory to advertise their business. Advertising can be cost effective. For as low as $2500, one could hire several employees and advertise their business on the internet.
Pet Food and Pet Supplies. This is another business that does not necessarily need a store. As much as $5000 could afford this business.
Grocery Stores. One could run a grocery store for as low as $4500, even including rent. One could also run a grocery store without a shop out front, such as a converted garage, and still open for business.
Music CD store. One could operate a music CD store using CDJs (cassette players for storing compact discs). CDJs costs the most of these options. This business would possibly be profitable for as low as $5000.
Hair Salons, Tattoo Shops, and Massage Clinics. One could set up these businesses for as low as $2500. They are not too profitable, but the start up cost is low. If one chooses the massage clinic location for a more established location, the demand will definitely increase.
Barber Shop. This could be a small business in the lower, middle or higher income brackets. The starting capital for this business is less that $2000. But the investment of this money will generate a high yearly income. The profit on a barber of $1000 per year is only $20. The most profitable business of this option is the one that reaches a higher income bracket with the new money and has a substantial amount of time left over.
Home based catering. With the internet, this business can be set up at as little as $1000 and start running their business. Depending on location, demand for this would be low, but this would be a high-profit margin business.
Jewelry Making. Even with only $3000, one can make one to two hundred dollars in profit per month. You will need a good location to compete.
Pizza and Subs Places. These are not really a business, but they can be run by a single person with some very cheap supplies. For as low as $5000 there are a whole lot of services which would be suitable for this type of business such as pizza delivery, ice creams, and other beverages. These require no large capital to purchase the supplies to open up the business, thus making it profitable.
Ice Cream Bar. This business could be set up with for as low as $1000 for a simple ice cream bar, which is probably not profitable.
Pet food manufacturing. This is a profitable business, and could make more from a $5
Music Studio (dance club). $3000-$5000.
Bookkeeping and Accounting. This is a business where money could be saved by not having a store. All one needs is a small office inside or outside of a business. These businesses do not generally require a store since the bookkeeping and information is all on the computer. It can be as much as 1-10% less. If not, one would have to rent one a store since they could have it inside and outside.
Restaurant. One could purchase a restaurant as a very low priced way to start an outbound loan, but should not have a very high total cost. A single meal out could cost a little over $400 a person in most cities. This is a profitable business, but the overhead costs are very high.
Hair Salon. It can take up to $18000 for a salon to be started. It would take at least 2-3 years for a new salon to break even, if you go for the first year, you could recoup $6000 and the rest of the time, you could make $12000. If you would choose this option, then it is ideal and affordable.
Auto Mechanic shop. This is my last idea, as I know you guys would not like. But I am writing this because some of these businesses are not that profitable since they need much more machinery to run. One can purchase as a small car repair shop, for example for as low as $10,000 and take it up to $15,000 to start it up. This is the most profitable.
Lawn Care. One can start this business up from about $3000 and work their way up to $10000 or even more. This option works better in summer months than in winter months.
Cleaning and Care services. This business does require an office, which means they would almost always need a loan. For as low as $3000, one could buy the office equipment and set up shop. This option is relatively successful, but requires a higher loan to get started.
Cleaning and Care services. Similar to that of the previous option, but slightly lower price.
Real Estate. I would not suggest starting your own home-based business in real estate, as such a business would probably need to be a lot bigger than 1 or 2 employees so one could easily fail. However, many people are thinking of opening this type of business and I will explain why they are wrong.
Laundry Shop. One could set up a business for as low as $3000 and make a very good profit doing laundry on a weekly basis.
Small home electronics store. This option can be as low as $5000, and is also quite profitable for a little retail business.
Lawn Care. One could purchase a lot with lawn, and rent out that. This is the most profitable and most widely accepted among all the above businesses. The minimum cost to start is around $1500.
House Painting. This business does not have too many expenses, and can become quite profitable in a few days. Ofcourse you may have to work some overtime hours, but this business could be profitable to start as low as $600 a week!
Laundry. Laundry is an excellent choice. One could start with a few $300 suits and get them laundered and turned into cash overnight for very little money. With the business up and running, one could turn the money into even more clothes to sell. These are some of the richest businesses that you could ever start.
Bait Shop. This is another business where a store is not needed. A small bait shop that does not advertise in advance can sell bait for a profit. This is not a good way to start if one has no customers, but can be a good way to diversify.
Auto Detailing and Service. One could run this business for as low as $2000. This would be one of the least profitable options, for this reason one should consider renting space if possible.
Dog Boarding Business. If one is living on a large enough lot or has room in their home, they can easily rent one. The drawback to this is the high start up cost of the business. The other drawback is high initial cost at which the entrepreneur may experience loss which then becomes more attractive towards higher profit margins. This would be a business for people with large lots of property or with plenty of room in their homes.
Restaurant. An excellent option for a fast and profitable business is to open a casual restaurant. One could have a good reputation for customer service and excellent food, with a good and happy staff. They can bring in revenue up to $6000 a month, depending on the location, as such, a fast and very profitable business.
Business school. For as low as $2000 to $3000, one can start a business on their own with little investment. This option is moderately profitable, but depend on the location.
Dog Wash. One can open a dog wash for as low as $1000. This small service is a profitable option and can be well-managed with a good location.
Bikes. This option is not very profitable but one would be able to lease these as rental bikes. The rental for as low as $2000 would make it possible to start one for less than $100/month.
Laundry and Ironing Services. You would need to rent a space (around $1500) to start up these types of businesses. The rent can easily be covered by savings from a tax-free savings account, and is not expensive.
Golf shop. This could run up to about $5000, which is not that profitable. However, there could be a number of golf courses nearby, which could make one's business profitable.
Pet-Gone. One could invest as less as $800 for a pet-gone business, which could have profits in the range of $3000. The profits of this business greatly depend on the need of the animal clientele, which would be lower if a human clientele is interested.
Golf Shop. This type of business requires lower start up costs and lower initial investment requirements. For as low as $3200, one can start with a good amount of capital invested. This is moderately profitable, but only if demand can meet up with supply.
Diving and Snorkeling Business. There are many different businesses to start, but one can start a diving and snorkeling business for as low as $900 and get it started. The low start up and low overhead can make this option quite profitable.
Web sites. This option is not a profitable option; however, it may be the next best option if one does not have much of a personal budget. One can have a website for $3000 for as long as one would like to have it. This is the low cost solution.
Web Design Company. This one is not the best choice as it is too time consuming to update a website. As such, this option is best suited for small companies that have limited time and resources.
Pet Shops. One can buy two pet shops for $2800, that includes equipment and running costs. This makes it quite profitable, considering the profits from the first two options.
Dry Cleaning Studio. This can actually generate quite a amount of income. It is a business where the main point of operation is providing dry cleaning services to the public. One could set up a dry cleaning store and use it as a place where the public can come and pick out all their dry cleaning. This would cost about $7000 to start up and would be a moderately profitable option.
Car Dealer. The best car business. This can be a profitable business, but need the most money, as the sales person will be paid $300 a day. A better car business could be found for as low as $1000.
Tires and Rims. One can purchase a used car that has over 100,000 miles and sell it to a buyer who is willing to pay that amount. This would be one of the least profitable but most lucrative of all options since one does not have to pay for the loan on it.
Drones. Drones could be very competitive with other industries, especially when they offer insurance, repair services and are more durable. A business could be started for as low as $2500. This is moderately profitable, but could be tough depending on location.
Personalized Products. This business would be able to use the products generated in the shops, and if prices are not too high, then it can be quite profitable. For as low as $1000, one can make a decent profit.
Funeral Home. This business is not too profitable, but could make a great profit if you had a large consumer base. As an example; a funeral home based business can make about $20,000 a year profit.
Coffee Shop. This business is not too profitable, because of the high operating costs and high minimum wage needed in the market. For the same amount, one can get a bigger business to increase profits. For the same amount, one can choose not to run the coffee shop.
Bunkhouse. This would require the owner to start a separate business and has a lower potential for profit. The profit is about the same as the clean service but would probably take longer.
Hair salon. For $3500, a woman can get a hair salon with only a little training and equipment to get started. This business is very profitable by the end of the year, although it can take up to two years to make a profit.
Auto Detailing Services. One could easily purchase some used cars at about $2000 for start up, taking it to about $3500.
Office Work. One could start up an office work as low as $3000. This option is moderately profitable.
Dog washing. You will need an enclosed building for this, so you will be limited to a location in Florida. You will probably need to purchase equipment, which could cost as low as $700. This is a low cost option, but low demand.
Ice Cream Store with Slideshow. One could setup the same exact business as above, but start at a lower price per unit on the equipment. This costs $2000 to start, which is less than that of the ice cream store.
Food Truck. One could get a food truck which is fairly cheap, say $6000, and have it up and running within 7-10 days. This would be a more profitable option if the area is quite crowded. The drawback if there is not much demand.
Painting Services. One could paint a house for as low as $1500 and get it up and running in a week or two.
Car Care Services. This business does not necessarily need a store, which would save a lot of money. For as low as $3000, one could have a small garage business with gas powered tools and power tools. The garage space could be used for display and marketing such as tshirts, etc. To start this operation you only need some tools. For example, for $1500 you could get power toothbrushes and for $2000 you could get vacuum cleaners. You can also put up an advertisement
Duct Cleaning Inc. One could have the ability to get these services for $600/d. This will save a lot of money for a small business owner without a store.
Personal Stocking Service. This business is most lucrative around Valentine's Day because this is a holiday that is used as a promotional tool. One could offer personalized gifts during these times by offering customers to sell personalized stockings and mugs.
A Pizza restaurant in North Seattle. While a pizza restaurant in Seattle is profitable, it's only moderately profitable, and the profit margins are much lower than most restaurant businesses in Seattle. Because of its extremely high profit margins, one can easily make a $30,000 loan against this idea.
Lawn Care services. These are not necessarily high profitmaking businesses. The most profitable business is a mower & grass cutter. You could start at about $3000, or more if there are lots of customers.
Computer Repair and Service, and Computers. Although the start-up costs are high to start one of these businesses. You could always utilize the local colleges/universities for cheap laptop parts, or maybe just hire the help, such as, an IT consultant, instead of employing full time workers.
Auto repair shop. This is a profitable business, and could be set up for $2500 for the start up, which is a low to moderate level of profit.
Cleaning and Care Services and Business Centers in the city. This business would be one of the most profitable businesses you could have if you did not have very strict location demands. As low as $5000 one can get all the equipment one needs to start their business.
Dry Cleaning Services. One could set up a dry cleaning and make a nice 6 figures a year. However, some of the local people do not agree with that and would rather have a small business.
Photography Studio. Photographers could set up their business for $5000, taking the total up to $12000 to start. Photographers are a highly successful business, but require great location for success.
Video Production Services. A start up would cost less if one purchased everything from the first $3000, including the equipment needed to start their video production business. Once one can prove himself, one can start selling his productions as they need to be created. This business would yield a little more profit for a start up
Pizza Hut. This fast food service is the most profitable one and also has the least start up cost. As a pizza place could cost as low as $2.7000, you would get in as soon as possible and could even wait for the opening of the counter to start operating. This is a highly profitable business with many more franchises being sold per year that does not require a startup cost. After purchasing your franchise, you can easily turn your business into a high profit restaurant.
Car/Bike Rental service. One does not need a business license if their business is located in a community where they have a long-term contract with the residents. Although this option is not very profitable at most, they do not need to buy a vehicle and rent a bike.
Home based Baking business. These are not too profitable, but the low start up costs make this business profitable. For as low as $3000, one can get all the required equipment and start their business. This option is moderately profitable, but demand depends on location.
Hair Salon. One can start off as low as $1000 because it will take most of the money up front. This is a profitable business, but not without work.
Pet Sitting. In this business, one could obtain a room with pets available. This can be an all inclusive service, with no furniture required, and costs ranging anywhere between $1000 and $5000 (depending on the amount of pets one is willing to bring.
Cleaning services. This business offers a variety of cleaning services, and could be considered for this option if demand grows along with interest rates. On the other hand, a lower rate of interest might make the low cost of start up prohibitive.
Construction and Landscaping. If one decides to go for construction, one would have to work for at least $4000 to even go in business. If one decides to landscaping instead, the starting costs could be as low as $2000.
Auto Detailing. One could purchase used cars and do auto detailing. One might even get a loan for this option and go to a local garage.
Internet Cafe. One could set up a very small internet cafe, and get as low as $1000. Some of these can be quite lucrative, but there are other options of getting paid for a laptop, internet cafe, office supplies and more.
Hair cuts. One can set up a salon for as low as $50 per day, including a day in advance. This is profitable throughout the year, but the low start up costs make it fairly affordable on a loan.
Home-Based Business. One could get a small business established for as low as $4000, as a sole proprietor. This is not too profitable, but does not require a store.
Jewelry studio. This option is a bit pricey, but is moderately profitable. In this option, one can expect to earn as low as $3000 per annum.
Jewelry and accessories store. This one may cost less than two other options, but is also more profitable. However, it depends upon the location of the location.
Painting Company. For as low as $1000 you can rent a shop from a rental company to paint a small apartment. In general, businesses with lower profit margins require a loan to start up.
Bookkeeping Services. One could set up a simple self-employed business for $3000, which if done correctly can start out producing a positive profit in very less time. Again, low start up costs make it lucrative.
Internet Marketing. This is the single most effective business idea, for low as well as high risk, and could prove to be the single most profitable business idea to start. The cost is very little, and is guaranteed to make a profit. For very low costs (like $3.50 per hour), one could offer one of these:
Hair Dresser. This is a little lower margin option compared to the previous business, but a little bit profitable. One could open a hair dresser and be able to charge between $6,000 and $8,000.
Real Estate. One could start a real estate business as low as $6000 to get it up and running, and to maintain it, which would cost about $3000. As the profit margin is very low, this option is quite successful and affordable.
Hair Salons. One could start their own hair salon for as low as $12000 and have a profitable and growing business as it is growing. With this option, there is no need to get a loan because one can make one’s own money.
Baking Stores. As good as these would look with a fancy building, for only $3000, one can start this business. This business is almost to the point of becoming a full-time job. For as low as $1600 to $2000, one can find a suitable location and start this business. While the profit margins are quite low, due to high labor cost, these stores can create a comfortable living, which includes a high income.
Auto Repair Services. One may also get an auto repair shop and the start up costs would be lower.
Florist. One would have to pay a small salary upfront to rent the plant upfront and to hire the employees to make the plant, which would create a small inventory to pay the rent for the plant up front. This option is fairly profitable, considering that the product is easily sold, and the flowers look more beautiful after processing as well.
Beauty Salon. This option is the most profitable, but the demand would be minimal. However, considering it does not take much investment to start up this business, one may still find it profitable.
Auto detailing.
Laundry Services. One could get as low as $800 to start up a laundry. This does not necessarily need a store. However a $500 starting investment will produce profits of $900 a year. On top of that, the profits are about the same whether you work 10 hours or 70 hours.
Office space. It is feasible and economical for owners of a new office space. However, demand for this is usually not as high because of competition. This option is only slightly profitable and can be considered an extra expense.
Car Wash. One can invest as low as $2000 and open a car wash that is profitable. This is a niche market in the city, but is becoming more popular every year.
Barber Shop. One can get a barber shop for as little as $1000 to start out with. This is also a highly profitable business that can be a full time or part time operation.
Custom Designing Business. One could get custom equipment and run the business like a sewing shop using fabrics that were available in the stores. The cost of buying the equipment would be at least equivalent to what they would pay for an average retail store. On average, this would be a profitable venture, if the stores are located near where the designer lives. This business option is very profitable; however, the most profitable location would be in a town with a high population due to demand of designers.
Dental Esthetics. This business uses dental tools and equipment, which are not very profitable, but can be profitable with the use of dental materials.
Jewelry Shop. One can get a jewelry shop operating in as low as $5
Car Rental Service. The most profitable and high margin businesses in today's economy are Car Rental & Car Service. These two options have the highest profit margins.
Dry Cleaning. One could buy a small dry cleaning shop, which costs about $100 dollars. One could sell that shop for $1500 and make around $40 in a year.
Coffee Bean shop. One could set up a coffee shop as low as $1000. They can be profitable during certain months of the year, but not many.
Grocery Stores. This one looks a lot more profitable than cleaning services, but it also depends on what kind of items you sell. This could make you a profitable business if you are dealing with fruits, vegetables, meats, and other foods. Grocery stores can be as low as $5000.
Business Development. This is one with a higher profitability factor. One could get the same equipment for $5
Bail Bonds. If the business can be started for $2000, one cannot miss this option.
Online Shop. One could set up a web store for as low as $4000 (excluding rent) and have a viable business.
Food delivery service. One could set up a food delivery service for a couple of as low as $5000, excluding rent, and get it up and running. Food is very profitable in summer months, but is not as profitable in winter months because demand is high, the costs of food are relatively high, and competition is high.
A Video Business. One could purchase only one video system for $5000 and start up. A video system can be sold at $400 per month which is profitable, but this business is most definitely a high stress work environment.
Cleaning and Care services. When starting the business, one would require an additional person to operate for about $1200 yearly, although one could probably cut down on employees and still get the same amount of income. However, since this is a fairly good business to start, one would be required to add a salesman to the staff, and possibly purchase an additional cleaning service
Book Shop. As above, one could set up a book shop for about $400 per month. However, books are also in demand in summer months, making this business more profitable.
Small Restaurant. One could get a restaurant for as low as $2000 and start the business right away. Low risk, but a large income with a small investment (of $2000 - $5000) to start up the business can be very lucrative.
Funeral home. This is an easy to start business. For as low as $2000, one can build a basic funeral home and start out. There is a huge demand for these services. The profit margin is low, but more people are going in for this business. As the business grows, prices, profit margin, and demand will likely increase.
Auto Maintenance Services. This business does not necessarily need a store, which saves money. For as low as $1000, one could get all the required equipment and start their business.
Business that uses local goods. One can start up this business which may cost a little more. For instance, one could get a local company to use their building and install their goods. For as low as $2500, one could get the start up costs with the required equipment and staff.
Coffee Roast. This option is also one of the low-cost options. This business can start with only $250 to get up and working, and then expand to more in-demand customers. This is still a fairly profitable business, but demand is very limited and is dependent on high coffee consumption in your area.
Convenience Store. One can open this business for as low as $1500 to start this business. This can be set up in a location like a shopping mall, where the space is in excess of the number of shops.
Dry Cleaning. This business is not profitable during the summer months because of high overhead costs and very high summer demand. For as low as $2500, one can run the business, although it requires a little upfront investment.
Confectionary. With this business, one can start with very little and can expand to much more if they wish. This is also a profitable option, but demand also depends on location.
Housekeeping services. At the low end, one can get a single woman to prepare all the cooking, cleaning, and cleaning supplies for a single home as low as $2500.
Home Care. This business could be run as a home care service for as little as $4000. This business is not profitable, but can be run for a very low income level and start running for as low as $3500.
Auto Repair and Maintenance service. This option may be very profitable because one will often have a large margin of profit when it comes to repairs. For as low as $1500 to $5000 one can repair, and even make it new once the cost is recovered. This option is moderately profitable, but not as profitable as the auto repair business.
Electrician. For as low as $5000, one can get all the required equipment and start their own business. It is very profitable during summers as demand is higher.
Web design and marketing company with a website. This business would need a domain name, hosting and access to online storage. This business will start with an amount as low as $2500-$3000. This business is moderately profitable, as long as you have a decent website that converts well.
Photography services. This would be profitable if there were a demand for taking beautiful photos. The cost for this could be $250 to $500 to operate for six months. There is a high turnover rate; with the new customers having already seen the money. In a high profit margin business, this would be most viable, but most likely only profitable until the money was spent.
Pet Shops. For a $700 loan, one can open a pet shop. The only downfall to this business is that it only covers a specific time period, e.g.- dogs food, flea comb, cat foods etc.
Hair Salon. One could have a very profitable hair salon for as low as $4000 to as much as $30000 on a piece of rented capital.
Photography studio. This business would require you to get an actual building for the purpose, and you could do so for less than $3000. The profit margins for this business are high since these people are earning a good wage from their photography work.
Construction company. One could set up a construction team with one employee for as little as $400 per week. This is a high end option.
Book store. One who can open a book store for as low as $3000 can enjoy an extremely lucrative business for many years.
Bookstore. With $5000 for equipment, book store is a feasible option for one interested in starting a business, provided one makes the right kind of book choice. If one chooses the right book choices, a book store can be a good option. However, most books are also bought by people, and they can be more expensive. Hence, book store is not going to be a profitable or an afforable venture in most situations.
Funeral Shop. One could set up a funeral shop as low as $7000 to start it and as high as $20,000 to operate it. A location near a school and hospital would be optimal. Funeral shops are profitable in the early stages, but do not always need high profit margins.
Hair Salon. Hair salons are always a good business to start up with a little capital. Once a business is up and running, an additional capital of $300 to $1000 can be raised to increase production. The money to raise will come from outside sources, such as a line of credit or from a loan.
Baking and Pastry shop. As low as $1500, one can open a bakery and have a profitable business. There are a lot of varieties for different customers.
Restaurant. There is a high chance for one to succeed with a restaurant, but it is not practical to start a restaurant unless one has a significant amount of money at stake.
Restaurant. A restaurant is one of the most expensive businesses to be started. If you do decide to invest in a restaurant, find a location in a popular restaurant area that is not too far away.
Hair Stylist
Bait and Tackle. One could open a business selling bait or fishing tackle. This business can be very profitable, since people might be willing to eat fish that are caught in their bait store. However, this type of business would have a higher risk of failure.
Dog & Cat sitting. One could get set up to do this for about $3000 or less. There are certain areas that offer a higher rate.
Home-based business
Jewelry Store. One could purchase for as low as $1500 the jewelries shops and start their business. This option is a little costlier and higher risk for an opportunity.
Barber ShopThis business does not require a fancy building, but rather just a place to work. This business also does not require a brick and mortar location, so it can be a one man operation for a very low cost. The one man business can also generate some extra income if he decides the shop is not doing too well. This option also does not require a high inventory, which is less costly to keep. As an extra income, it is also good to have people who can come in and
Computer Repair Services (Computer Repair Center). This business is extremely easy to set up, and can be as low as $1000. This would not be profitable unless there was a lot of demand for such service.
Convenience store. This business is good for a variety of customers. One could open a convenience store and have about $10000 of income generated per month by selling the products that customers would usually purchase at supermarkets. One could sell soft drinks, beer, cigarettes, as well as other convenience items and other merchandise. This would be a decent business idea as long as one makes it look professional, which one would be able to do by opening up a store, which has minimal costs associated with operations.
Video Game Playing/Selling. One could set up an internet retail business. One could start as low as $800 and do quite well. This option is cost effective as one does not need much capital to start, but if done the right way is definitely lucrative.
Hair Styling. One could make up to $100000 doing these services. The only problem with this option is when one has to find the right customers and when one can afford it.
Restaurant. One can acquire a good restaurant for as low as $100 to obtain all the necessary equipment. These restaurants may not be for everyone, but they are an excellent opportunity to set up your own franchise. These restaurants may not be all that profitable, but they are still not that expensive so why not take the gamble?
Pizza Hut. One could go the pizza chain and make their pizza as low as $3000 per pizza. However, for a single, small pizzeria with four employees, who are expected to work 40 hours per week, this would be an extremely profitable business.
Hairdressers. This type of business does not require much investment in equipment because haircuts are done with scissors and straight razors. One could spend as little as $600 on this and get started with the business. This is a moderately profitable business, but depends on the location.
Internet Cafes and Cafing. These are businesses that can provide good services. They are very profitable, except that they might require more capital as well. $3,000 would be required for just the furniture at one, but could easily come up to $10,000 for a whole home business (as mentioned by others, a home business is actually a full fledged business that requires capital)
Pizza or Chinese. One could either choose one of the two or both. One can either go to either Chinese stores or take a pizza to order. Chinese do not have to charge a set price, which means lower costs, but at the same time, the pizza is not as profitable as before.
Cleaning services. One could start a cleaning service by having a small area at home where they could vacuum and sort. One could then hire a cleaner to do what is needed. One would need some additional area, such as a home or apartment, which could cost a little more than $3000.
Hair Styling/Fashion Salon. A simple salon could be opened for as little as $3000, for as long as one needs the services. A low-profit business, such as this one, could offer good returns for a small investment.
Restaurant. One could open up a highly profitable restaurant for $2000. Rent would be $400 and food and beverages costs would be $800. The total would be $1200. One can expand for many more people for more profits. However, high maintenance and high food costs should be considered in expansion with other people. This option could be a good option for start up, but should be avoided for expansion or even for more food vendors.
Home Cleaning and Repair. One could purchase a set of new and properly cared for washing and drying machines for about $2500. This is quite profitable business.
Video store. You could start by renting video tapes for a price of $200, this will not bring in too much money. You could also buy them at the retail price and run the video store.
Beauty Salon. This business can be run from home with a small investment and can be profitable, especially during summer months. During the winter months, you use the extra revenue gained. The business does not actually have to store anything as the services are done at your convenience.
Awning Shop. This option is profitable on a very small scale, although it requires much experience in the craftsmanship of awnings for the business to be viable.
A small office building or two. One could open up a small office building or two for a $4000 price tag, which gets one started. This is a moderate profitable option, and has a high demand as the location is relatively affordable.
Hair and Grooming Salon. For as low as $1000 and a good location, you have a good idea for a hair and grooming business.
Lawncare Company. One can start a lawnmowing company for as low as $3000 or $5000. This business is profitable for summer months, but is not viable during the winter months.
A small, single store, franchise business. Any entrepreneur can easily find a franchise for just over $500,000 on the Internet. The business can be started off as a small, independent store. Some entrepreneurs start out to earn more from the franchise.
Internet Services. This business would have a low start up cost, but could still be a huge success if the demand does not go down. These services can make you money, but not on a daily basis.
Dry Cellar restaurant. If operating a restaurant with less than 50 regular customers, one can get as little as $400 to $500 to create their own menu. This option is moderately profitable.
Hair Shops. These shops are very profitable because the rent for a barber who works for the shop is inexpensive. A barber would work from home instead of the shop, and the shop does not require a sign. The business would require $6000 to start up, as well as sign.
Grocery Store. To start with this would cost $60000 and another $8000 for fixtures, furniture and fixtures etc. This is a profitable business for as low as $6000. However, with a little more work one can set up a store that is more profitable than this one.
Dental cleaning. One could purchase a new dental cleaning chair for as low as $2000, which would not be difficult either once everything is bought or if someone has to borrow money to buy a used product, which is also fairly rare.
Beauty Shop. If one wants to start a beauty salon, this choice is fairly cheap to start up. Depending on location, this will be moderately profitable. This option is not feasible for a large business.
Pet Sitting Service Business. To make this business as profitable as possible, start with one pet. If other pets will require frequent attention (dog, cat, or rabbit), then increase the demand to attract customers. This is not a good option on a low start-up budget, which allows the high profit margin of these service jobs.
Restaurant. Low initial start up costs make this possibility a feasible option. The average restaurant starts at about $3000, but this can increase. Another way to calculate that, if you will be starting it in a year (the same as with business idea #1).
Bunk Beds. One could set up a business renting out sleeping bags for as low as $400 to as high as about $1000, depending on the location. Again, this is not very profitable, but can be done.
Pet Clinic. This is a good option if you plan to run the clinic in your own residence with only one person. If you plan to run it in a facility, the start up cost is higher, but should be lower than $3000. You will also need to have more than just a license if you want this business to be sustainable.
Auto Shop. One could purchase an auto shop, and start it up for as low as $4000. Because it is not necessarily cash generating, it is not likely to be feasible and the monthly payments would probably be excessive.
Video Game store. This is a very competitive business that is not a quick and easy option to start. However, with $10000, one could have a complete business on the go by springtime. Once the store is established, one could lease out the floor for a profit.
Custom Bike Builds, One could set up a custom bike shop for as little as $3000 and not have to pay rent. Custom bikes are very profitable.
Cleaning Services. One could start with a small cleaning business and gradually grow it. Low start up cost makes this possible, but this business has lower profits because of its low margins.
Personal Services. This business does not necessarily need a store, which saves money, and can be set up very easily for as low as $3000. The potential profits are very dependent on location.
Hair salon. This business does not necessarily require a store. Hair-cutters do not need an office, and it will be very easy to keep track of all the appointments. This business can be profitable up to about $6000.
Hair Salon. One could get a salon for as low as $2000 and get one started. There are numerous locations that are too popular for many to open their own. The low cost of labor for new entrants in a growing industry is the strongest driver for entry. A salon has a high profit margin, compared to other options, such as a store.
Restaurant/Bar. For as low as $40000, one could set up a restaurant/bar and get it off the ground. The profit margins are high, but in order to open a restaurant, one will need to buy certain items like seating to start. In this case one needs to either have a lot of money invested, or the restaurant will need to be very popular in order to make a profit. One also cannot go too big or lose money.
Airline Pilot. As long as there are passengers, this option is feasible for a lot lower cost than most of the above options. Flight time from a major cities like Los Angeles, to New York City is only an hour, so most people are not in a rush. If there are more passengers involved, the business could turn into a great opportunity.
A Restaurant. Again, all the equipment needed to make a decent restaurant can be purchased for as little as $2500 and still make enough profit.
Bar Brothels. This is a risky venture, but the potential for high profits makes it worth pursuing. One could start a business that offers sex for a fee and charge 10% tax. By only charging the minimum $100 per act, one can make $50,000 of profit per month with no overhead.
Hair Salon. Salon costs are reasonable, so one can start this business at as low as $1000 for a single. A low end salon can also provide hair lessons and get more customers with discounts during winter months. These are not necessarily very profitable, due to the fact the start up costs are generally quite high.
Personal Care & Service. The total start up costs for a personal care business start at about $6000 and then depends on the particular person and the type of service that will be given. This business does not necessarily have to have a store to be profitable.
Lawnmowers, lawn, garden, landscaping services
Coffee Shop. A coffee shop will cost as low as $6000 in the beginning, but it should be able to start on $4000 to $5000. If they cannot save, they could get a loan to start up. This is not a profitable business with demand for high profit margins.
Web-hosting business. One could choose to get a web-hosting business up and running for as low as $5000. This business is moderately profitable, but needs to be near a major city to support the operation. A loan will allow for this option.
Concrete Piling. One could set up their own concrete piling business for as low as $7000 if they would have enough experience. This option is moderately profitable, but a little more high risk.
Construction Site. There are many of these in the United States but in smaller towns, the construction sites are not large and there are few customers for the services of the small businesses. That being said, there are still businesses that work on construction sites. These are usually less lucrative then the above businesses, but still profitable. However, if the construction sites are not viable, one may need to start out with smaller start up costs.
Restaurant. Once your shop becomes more successful, you could set up your own restaurant. Once you get a steady clientele, you can set up your own location. This will be the same as any other business, so costs are not important to the profitability of that particular idea.
Home delivery business. Get one or two cars to distribute your products for free, and with the price of gas and the cost of food, one can make quite a significant income with this type of business. You can also set it up in a garage, make extra money driving it for customers.
Barber Shop. One could have a barbershop for as low as $2500 and start working as soon as they have their equipment.
Painting Business. If you can start at least $3000, you can set up an art shop for yourself in your own home. People are willing to pay a low sum of money to have their home decorated. At $4000, you can hire a couple of art students and start your own business. Paint for this business has low profit margin, and this business too has high demand because of its nature.
Bakery. One could rent an empty bakery to get money by working it off. This is a moderately profitable business with high demand during the summer.
Dog grooming. This business is low profitable, but quite feasible. One could get a dog groomer for $3000, and then just keep grooming as a sideline to one's primary business. The other benefits of this type of business is no location cost and no location restriction.
Hairdresser/Nail Salon. A clean up business is always profitable. One can start the clean up business from scratch with $10-$15, and the rest can be paid as additional expenses, making it lucrative.
Coffee House. One could set up a coffee house for as low as $12000, excluding rent, taking the total up to about $20 thousand. This business has a higher chance of profitability because it’s a local business which requires high profit margins.
Beauty Salon. As low as $1000 may be acceptable and may give one a good start into this business. The business is not too profitable, but the location gives one the ability to expand their business, thereby generating higher profit margins for the owner. This option is moderately profitable, but locations, i.e. size, may influence the demand for this business.
B2W. This is a new business idea in the Philippines, but business has been started in a very small scale. The business itself can be sold at minimal costs if the customers are willing to invest.
Gas Station. This business does not necessarily need a store as in option three, but it can make a lot of money with its high profit margins.
Funeral Home/Funeral Center. In this business one could do as low as $1000 and get started. The profit margins on the cost of cremation are high, so the business would be fairly profitable.
Computer Repair business. This business can also be small-time or medium-time, but these are the only options that are feasible. An entrepreneur could operate this business with small investments and make millions of dollars.
Car Care and Parking lot. One can take these two businesses and combine them into one, making it more money. This is very profitable if the customer pays for the services they buy. Customers do not know the difference, because it does not affect the profits of the first business.
Internet Service. One could set up an internet service for as low as $3000, or as high as $25000, depending on size and area. This option can be extremely lucrative because there is no cost of having to maintain the service.
Towing and Biking Services, such as towing, bike repair and bike rentals. These businesses would be very profitable, even in snow storms where one would not know where the roads are. They can rent to anyone at the rate of $25 a month, making them very profitable ventures.
Beauty Salon
Painting and Drywall. This business would work well at a location that requires many people to service, with only six people to service the job, or even less. A $1000-$2000 start up cost is reasonable.
House Cleaning services. We offer you some services for as low as $2000. This business is quite profitable, but only if most people want to pay for professional cleaning services. It does not need a shop, and we don't have the staff to handle the day-to-day operation of a store.
Pizza Store. This option is for a person who feels good about the money they may receive, and so goes to a pizzeria and orders for delivery. This option is more profitable in a certain city, where all they have to do is deliver and pick up from the pizza shop.
Towing Service. You may want to consider starting a towing business and renting the necessary vehicles. This business is fairly costly, but very profitable in some locations. It helps if the location is relatively small.
Automobile Repair Shop and Locksmith. One can set up an auto repair shop and locksmith shop for as low as $10,000, taking the total upto about $20,000 to start up and to operate smoothly. This is financially very profitable because of high demand.
Personal Training. $5
Bar-Liquor Store. One can acquire a bar-lounger and set it up to be a profitable business to operate.
Restaurant. Restaurants do not require much capital investment, because they can get loans in a year if needed. They are also very profitable and they pay quite well on weekends, or night time. Another advantage is no need to build a big store.
Barbership. This business would cost more money, as a barber shop is not affordable for the low income person. However is the opportunity to cut hair for small business owners and those who are not ready to take a drastic cut from regular income as a single parent.
Real Estate. Although this is quite expensive, there is huge demand for low income housing, especially in the more rural areas of town. If one starts up a real estate business, it would need some capital investment and a down payment, which usually comes with a good rate.
Housecleaning. Most often these businesses are not profitable, unless you have a location. Even if you have a location, they often cost more to run than they sell, unless you take a lot of care. Housecleaning is one of the largest and least profitable options.
Dry cleaning. One could buy a nice clean dry cleaning room (or if you can afford, rent one of them) and start your own dry cleaning business. For as low as $4000, one could get this started.
Ice cream parlor. One can purchase an ice cream parlor for as low as $2000. The parlor would be able to have up to two flavors of ice cream made. However, these ice cream parlors, especially the popular ones, usually take longer to get established and profit.
Cleaning service. Cleaning service is also a viable option, as low as $5000. An investment of $15000 will get one started.
Internet Marketing
T-Mobile wireless services. This type of business is still viable, and one could set up the company in the same location with the intention of reselling the equipment. T-Mobile would give credit card number to the customer in the process. One could put $1000s into the account along with a note expressing his/her intention of resale. This is still a profitable business to be in in the long run.
Pet Salon. One could also consider an animal grooming business for as low as $6000 (with a little research of the competition), so one could have a great start off the gate. The small size of the business does not necessarily make it difficult, in fact it can help, but the owner will need to be very careful so they don't waste too much time. This is one of the best business ideas that you could consider if you plan to start up your own store.
Business Consulting. The lowest amount to provide an honest estimate is $2000, and one could set up a business that runs in profit margins of 50%.
Pizza Hut. The same as above, with a price tag around $12000, but this could be very profitable if located in a major metropolitan area.
Small Auto Repair Shop. One could get a small auto shop for as low as $1800, taking the total to $4200. This is a profitable as well as affordable option.
Hairdresser services. Again, one buys this service in a store. But again this is not the lowest cost option. The store could set it out of the back and in that way keep the rent lower, but the amount would be more than the store could afford.
Hair dressing. One could set their hair dressing business up for as low as $2000, excluding rent, to start up. Hair dressing for women is very profitable, but the same would not be true for men, considering the high cost of hair dye, since men only need a few strands to be colored without it looking completely different and unattractive.
Computer Repair Shop. This is yet another business that is quite profitable during the summer months but requires a lot of money during the late winter months. One could buy the equipment and rent the necessary space. This can be done either one-on-one or with a group. If rented one-on-one one could rent one-room flat at about $150 per day per month. Renting with a group would only incur a small amount of extra money, so it might be good for a
Lumberyard. For as low as $1500, one can be able to get all the necessary equipment, start a brick and mortar or online store. Lumber is also an extremely profitable business to be in.
Bar & Billiards. One can start a bar & billiards establishment for as low as $1800 to $2500 in the first year. After that, the income goes up quite a lot because the cost of labor increases exponentially.
Pizza and Sub-s. This business does not need a store at all as all it requires is a cash register, which can be purchased relatively easily. The costs of a location, the rent for the store and supplies are low, with one taking the total up to about $10,000 to start up.
Jeweler. Many people buy jewelry through auction houses, but due to high interest rates, the cost of purchasing jewelry is much higher than it would be if one had to go through the process of a traditional loan.
Laundry Service. This idea is very viable for small business owners that cannot afford a store or need something that is more affordable. This option can be affordable and work for multiple types of business.
Construction Companies. One could setup a construction company for as low as $5000 and then start it up. This option would become more profitable as the business expands. The same amount of money could buy a used car and then pay for the first few months to get the business going. A very low start-up cost also makes it more feasible for a small business, but a higher cost could still be possible.
Pizza and Pies. The most profitable business idea is this one. This starts at $8000 and could take to more than $10,000. It requires a little more than the other businesses, which can be financed on a short-term or long-term loan.
Lawn Mowers and Garden Trimmer. The first choice for an affordable start up, yet profitable, would be to start a lawn mower shop, which is a rather popular and profitable business in United states. One who is interested in starting a lawn mower business would need to do a careful study as to how many miles one would have to travel daily and the price one could charge.
Auto repair shop for small vehicles. This is a lucrative option, as it does not require a substantial amount of capital investment. For as low as $10,000, one can get the same equipment and start their business. The equipment is used on all the small vehicles available.
Businesses that sell books. One could start a bookstore for as low as $1500 taking the total up to almost $5000 to operate and then make $4000 profit margins.
Electric/Generator Repair/Sale. A small business that may need some supplies may require an electric repair service $1000. The cost of service is high, but you could be competitive as there is a supply.
Car Wash. A car wash can be a profitable business with very little capital, as there is demand for the services offered. An initial investment of $1000 would suffice.
Barbershop. Getting a regular barber is not necessary. Barbershops do great in neighborhoods where bars are not. They would not get too many patrons. There are plenty of barber shops around the world, but they don't have that large of a scope.
A business that creates products in need of cleaning, repairing, custom design is also an option. For as low as $3000, one could have a business in which one may even make $100 in a day. The low start up costs make this option profitable and profitable.
Car Wash. This business has the best profit margins. One could start a car wash on as low as $1000 and pay rent of up to $500 or rent of $10,000 to cover all utilities and a percentage of the profits.
Music Studio, Karaoke, Dance Studio.
Pet Shop. Even though this business is not very profitable, it can be a good investment opportunity. A minimum of $500 will get you started. However, this is only if you plan to stay in the area. This could quickly turn out to be one of the more profitable business ideas.
Funeral Home. The highest potential is for this business. The lowest costs are the most profitable. One can find a low cost building near the location, or purchase one and simply rent it out. Funeral homes cost about $6.000 and up.
Auto repairs. For about $28000 to start a business of fixing up cars, one could open shop. At this point, it is better to open a car dealership, but to have the income and work less would be beneficial.
Internet Cafe. The first step is to make a website, which is not expensive to do. The $5000 will get you a new server and domain, and up to $6100 will get you a new web hosting account. It is worth noting you can make a website in a week, and after that, the website is available 24 hours a day!
Pet Care. One could purchase a pet cleaning service for $1000 and start this business for $6000. This works great in a busy area.
Music Lessons. A school would need the school room, which could be used as a music lesson space for students. This business could be set up for as low as $1500, which would give an acceptable start up, but with low profit margin and very little space to spare.
Food Truck. One can obtain a food bus for about $2000, take it out of the ice cream truck and set up the food truck as a stand alone company. It can be extremely profitable, especially during summer months. It is also possible to start a food truck during winter months to provide meals for folks who are without power or any other means of food supply.
Photography Studio. This business does not necessarily need a store, which saves space and money. If one can purchase a very good camera and use it for $8000, the start up cost for this business would be significantly low.
Small manufacturing machine business: this is another business for which a low start up cost makes it feasible. For as low as $12000, you can invest in a new machine, pay your rent, pay your employees, and make money.
Construction business. This business is probably not going to be profitable in any case because not many will be interested in building homes there. However, there are various options.
Dry Cleaning Shop. This option can be as low as $3000. One can start with only all the equipment that he or she needs. This option is very profitable because it requires little startup costs.
Golf Course Rentals. Many courses are owned by the state through the Department of Revenue. They are public golf courses of about 12-600 miles in length. They pay taxes on the fees to the state in order to maintain all the golf courses. On top of that, you would pay taxes on the cost of the materials that you use. This business would not need to buy land. They would just be renting a golf course. This option is moderately profitable on a long-term basis, but
Computer and Software repair shop. This is the same as computer repair, except that it is for an industry that could potentially be larger than computer repair.
Office Equipment. One could purchase computer office furniture such as printers and desks for as low as $1000 and get ready to open as soon as possible. This is not a profitable option, but can be a profitable one where the right location is found.
Hair and Nail Salon. This could be an idea for an affordable small business. One may only need a hair and nail salon for as low as $2000. This is a profitable business if a high demand exists.
Floral Shop. One could build a shop for as low as $1000, and start growing this business during summer season. But once the season is over, it could have very slow sales, if any.
Pet Sitting: This business will also need a store, and it can be a profitable business. It is difficult to estimate the amount for each pet sitter business that is a low risk, high reward business.
Dental Care. The low interest rate makes this business profitable to start up. It is a good option for someone with a dental emergency, or if the business is too close to the dentist's office and the waiting time is more than a few minutes.
Housecleaning. This option is available to anybody with a yard. For as small as $1000, one can set up a cleaning service. The low start-up cost makes it an affordable option for almost every person interested in a cleaner.
Office Rentals. Office rentals usually cost around $8000 and should come out to be about $12000 in total. Of course, the space needs to meet the business' standards. The average size of the space for office rent should be around 9' x 14' and above.
Pet Care Center. This is an idea that is also fairly profitable. Pets can spend a considerable amount of their time in a room, so these small businesses are very feasible to get the start up costs down.
Personal grooming/beauty services. These businesses are moderately profitable depending on location and demand.
Online Bookshop. One could set up an online shop for as low as $2500 and get it up and running. A start up cost of $250,000 would be necessary to start this business, but one would be able to make decent money in this way. The money saved in rent, equipment, etc. will enable one to get into more business.
Automobile Rentals. One could rent cars for $400 a month. After running the business for two months and earning $200, one would be able to rent another car for $1500. Then one could continue accumulating money. By the end of two months of this business operation, one could make $1200 without incurring any debt.
Gasoline service station. This is probably the best option. For as little as $1000, one can get everything that one will need, which usually include gas, fuel, and other maintenance.
Restaurant. One could operate a restaurant for about $17000, excluding rent, while still keeping your family fed and able to stay alive. It would take years of consistent income to make this a profitable option, but it might be a wonderful and amazing life experience. You should also be flexible on your spending habits and decide for yourself how much you would like to be able to live on as your income.
Barber Shop. To start these up, one would need to purchase the appropriate tools, which can usually be found in a garage sale. One could start with as little as $1000 with as little as $1500 going to more profitable locations. Barber shops are also a profitable choice because people want to take a nice cut of the profits.
Real estate investment. This option requires that one be in a low-income area. If one has enough money to fund this venture, one can get a loan to get started. This is a low-maintenance option, and a good opportunity to invest in the economy.
A pizza place. For as low as $2000, to start one could rent enough space for a small pizzeria. It may not be financially viable to run a large business, but the low start-up cost makes it a viable business.
Cleaning Services. One can take a business idea from another, but one can choose a unique idea based on location. One can start out by taking in a friend or two and have them come back later with a location idea. Once one has a location idea, one can start by looking for an available office building for a space rental.
Grocery store. Any grocery store business has to take cost into consideration, but a lot of times this type of business can not make as much profit as other business could. However, as profit margins are low, a lot of profits are made.
Business card printing. This one also is possible to set up an online business, which works for some people, but printing business cards is an option.
Construction and Renovation. This option is moderate to very profitable. For as low as a low as $5000, one can take possession of the land, get started with all the necessary equipment, and construct or renovate a small building. There is a wide range of these businesses depending on location, land value, and quality of building.
Car Wash. An ice cream truck can usually afford $2000 on start up cost. One needs to provide the car wash service in addition to the ice cream truck service. However, the cost to operate car wash on their own is usually $500-$1000 per week.
Cleaner's. I've seen three different business plans for this. One could have a store and charge the clients for their rent, taxes, supplies, etc, plus any of their services, etc. The rental fees could total up to $5000.
Personal Care product manufacturer. One could set up a personal care product company with a small manufacturing unit at very low cost.
Airplane repairing. One can easily get the required parts for less than $1,250 to start his business.
Barber shop. This business does not necessarily need a store, which saves money. One could set up an barber shop for as low as $3500. This may very profitable, although demands will be on the basis of location and the number of people trying to get a haircut. If one is not in the city, an all service barbershop is probably not possible.
Pizza Shops. Start a pizza shop for as low as $2500, taking into consideration cost of hiring employees, equipment, and rent, you could expand the business to get more profits into your pocket.
Hair Salon. One could open a salon for as low as $3000 and could have a good start up and have the equipment. These are not too profitable, but the low start up costs make it a lucrative option. There are several benefits to this business, including high customer traffic, repeat customers, a nice clean salon, etc.
Food Delivery. This business is also not as profitable as you think it can be. Starting with as little as $5000 and taking the total to around $15000 to start up, one can make a decent return on investment.
Pizza delivery service. The main reason you need the money for this business is because you want to be able to earn an income. This is something that even though is not the most profitable, can still be attractive enough for the person who is qualified.
Pizza restaurant. This is one of the cheapest and fastest businesses to start up. One can start this business for as low as $1500 and get it up in no time.
Car-Shopping Shop. There are many different businesses that could be started for as low as $2000. There are many car- and vehicle-shops that offer low prices, and also offer good service and customer service. There is no need for inventory, and no need to stock up on groceries or other products.
Web Design. One could start a web design business for as low as $700 per month. This business requires little to no startup costs, and can earn good profits.
Hair Stylist. Once again for $3000, one can get their hair done. This option is moderately profitable also, but there is much higher demand than the other option.
Pizza. At the lower end of the spectrum, getting a pizza shop would cost around $300-$500/month. The initial purchase would be around $3000-$5000. After a few months, the rental expenses would drop dramatically. The cost is quite low to start up because they are a low investment for a high profit.
Hairdresser. This business only needs one room and one person. The only thing one needs is a table and chair, an electric curling iron, and an oven. The table and chair as well as electric curling iron does not cost much. The only thing they need is a table and chair. The start up costs, excluding rent, ranges between $1200-1500. This business is highly profitable, but with a start up cost of $1500, this business would have a small loss
Hair Salon. One can open a hair salon this way for as low as $1500. The biggest draw to this is that salon is a business that is very safe and has little competition out there. The initial equipment can also be purchased for as low as $1200.
Bookstore. This is probably the first option that comes to mind when one thinks of business ideas; but a book business alone is just not as profitable as many other small business options. If one is willing to incur certain debts and can have the money to pay those debt off, one can get started off with books alone. While books would not be very successful, one could get a modestly large profit margin and a great profit margin as well.
A health spa. This business is not too profitable, but can be profitable using an existing location. One can hire in a qualified doctor, a licensed beautician, a manager, a nurse and of course a staff. The total amount of money is a combination of the start up costs and the rent. The rent is just for the space, the start up costs would be the purchase of the equipment, and maintenance as well. Overall this business is more profitable than the others, which makes it a
Dry Cleaning. One could start up a business like dry cleaning, only for as low as $2000.
Dry Cleaning Services. This business has a very low profit margin, but is feasible. For as low as $2000, the owner can rent the space from a cleaning company for $1000. In this scenario, the overall profit margin would not be as high as if the owner owned the space or paid for the equipment rental. However, the fact that the space is rented saves a lot of money if the rent is high.
Internet Service Provider. This would be a relatively low profit option, even with a store. This is dependent on current and future internet services. For example, one service provider may now have an agreement with two hundred customers on one service, providing them with free wireless internet. If another service provider has agreed to supply internet service for more customers, there may be revenue potential by selling service. This is not usually a high profit option from a loan, but is worth looking into.
Dry Cleaning Services. This business involves renting a booth for drying the clothes. One can rent this booths from $3000 but needs higher overhead such as rent and equipment. These expenses are quite cheap compared to the expenses required for a commercial establishment.
Real Estate. One could build up a real estate business and rent out their space or build an apartment or house. One could either invest and own the apartment or could buy it and rent out. Some are in the process of purchasing houses to renovate and convert into apartments, and are currently running low on cash flow because of mortgage payments. This was not mentioned in the first list in this post, it is just a way to explain it in a few comments. Some do own houses and use it
Home Baking. One could set up a business of baking and selling cupcakes and homemade cakes. These are lucrative and have high profit margins, but would cost a little more if one cannot get loans.
Dog grooming. One could choose to start this business for as low as $300 or $400. This starts to be quite lucrative. An average of about $4200 is needed to get the full business going. This business might make a profit in the summer time, but only about 50 percent in the winter.
Restaurant. One could set up a restaurant business for as low as $2000 and get going. This is moderately profitable. As with the cleaning and care services, demand depends on location.
Concrete Shop. This business is not for the faint of heart as concrete is a very heavy project. It takes very little money, but the business is not going to be able to support the owner's family. The owner will have to use his or her own resources but should be able to use someone else's resources for this project. Concrete shop is also slightly more risky as you may get into a dispute with a customer who doesn't like your price, however at $6000 the risk is
Dental office. One could lease an office space for $1500 a month, or have one person rent it instead. These costs are low, but they are also not profitable as the lease might not be renewed.
Grocery Store. In any location one could choose to sell groceries like rice, beans, beans, beef, and cheese, which can make a good business to boot. Prices are low, and the profit margin is good which is why most entrepreneurs choose to set up this business.
Dog Food. This does not require a store. One can buy the necessary materials that one needs or can also find suppliers that sell the products.
Lawn Care Shop. This business is not too profitable for the starting down low cost of $3100, but it does not need too much space, so it is feasible. However, the overhead is not high, so a loan would not be feasible.
Laundry Service. The owner of the laundry does very little work. The low start up costs make this a financially lucrative venture, especially if the laundry has sufficient customers.
Personal Care Services. If one can get an accurate estimate for an affordable office space, then one can start a personal care services business that would only need $500 a month to start off. This business will provide good enough returns for the business expenses and have decent growth in the long run.
Home Decoration Shops. This option involves a huge investment of time and money, but can be very profitable. However, you also have to bear the loss of profit when the weather changes and you lose the customers. This option costs around half the amount as selling the furniture. Again, this option will not be profitable even if you make it for a very long time.
Video Game Store. Buying a game store does not guarantee the success of the video game business, but it does save money on rent. It is possible to purchase a video game store costing no more than $3000.
Jewelry shop. To start up with $7500 will require a store and an office space, costing around $1000. A start up in a strip mall can be much more profitable and less costly than renting a store space in an office building or shopping center.
Dental Office. This is an additional product that will need to be offered in addition to dental. For this, one can acquire a dental chair, office space, and an overhead door from a dental office or hospital, and then rent space in a dental office or hospital. This does not have to have a store, just an office as an on going business. This option is not too profitable.
Dog grooming. The owners usually charge $100 for an initial consultation and $100/hour for a dog grooming service. At this rate, it’d take about 15 years to make $20,000 and if it’s taken into consideration that most dogs need a lot more care and grooming, it’s more likely to fail.
Cleaning and Care services. Another option and a nice profit is hiring a cleaning lady. As of today, they only charge $6 per hour on average. It could be higher depending upon the individual. If one could get into a cleaning lady business, there is no reason why the owner should be paying for the services of the cleaning lady.
Real Estate Management. This business makes money during the year, but is not that profitable during the winter. It has better profit margins during summer and fall since demand is high. This business requires more capital to start and would cost more to operate.
Music School. Getting a music school does not require much capital. Inexpensive instruments can be bought with $5000.
Dry Cleaning. This business can range from $2000 and up for a small service shop, to over $20,000 for a full service shop. This option would be very profitable with a large clientele because customers would know the business well, making referrals more possible.
Customized clothing. One can choose from a number of custom made outfits for as low as $2000 to $5000. These are very profitable if one has the required skills. (If not, one could hire a tailor.)
Home improvement. Start your home improvement business very simply. For as low as $2000 per year, you could start up a business that employs your entire family. Your business is based on your skill set and how you would use your customers help to make money.
Automobile Repair. One could purchase an already running car repair shop for half the price.
Pet Store. One can start this business with as little as $2500. This is very lucrative, and will be an excellent business.
Jewelry Store. One could be a jeweler by renting out their shop for not more than 200 dollars per month. This option may only be profitable in certain locations.
A Beauty Salon. This is another quite profitable option. With $2000 to start up, one does not need a substantial investment.
Restaurant. One could open a restaurant that would serve reasonable meals, cost about $10000 to $20000, depending on size. A more lucrative option is to open a food cart business.
Bar-B-Que. There are small bar-b-q joints everywhere. There could be as many as 15 in New York for only $2500 each. However, if one purchases this business in the area for $5500 each, the business could get a bit bigger. If one is lucky, they can get some of the needed supplies all on their own for $5000 each.
Dry Cleaning Services. For $20,000 one can set up a clothing and dry cleaning shop. These are extremely profitable in busy times.
Hair Cutting Business. With as low as a potential start up cost of $400, this is another profitable business to start up. However, for the same start up amount, one could open up a barber shop which generates a very respectable profit margin.
Golf and Golf Shop. If one wanted to start their golf store, they just get as much equipment as needed for the golf center and set up shop for a year.
Housekeeping services. This business does not necessarily needs a store, but it does need a set up. For example, one could rent a location in a suburb for under $1000. It would require some set up, but the monthly cost would be less than $500.
Video Game Console Rentals. These are fairly low profitability, but do make a living for those who will work as a game store.
A Pizza and Sub Shop. The start up can be as low as $2000, for example, and still make about $20,000 per year, which is a high profit margin.
Car Buying and Selling. One could sell used cars for as low as $3000 to start their business. This option would have a low profit margin since car sales require little capital expenditure and are not as likely to go through during the winter months. This option is quite profitable, but there are other types of businesses that would require even higher starting capital.
Automotive business/Car Dealership. This can start up for as low as $7000, and can run full operations without a permanent shop. One would probably need to look at this carefully to find the right location.
Computer Repair and Services. You only need about $2000 to get started. To maximize profit, one could look for new customers rather than re-using an existing customer. There are few businesses that could survive on computer repairs every day, but as low as $3000, this is quite profitable.
Pet Sitting Services. The business works best when there is a lot of demand for pets from people in need to help with their care and cleaning. To get a solid start up, an area with many people who need a pet sitter like to go with this business. However, one would need to get their business started for at least $2000 if an area of low demand is desired.
Convenience Store. One could set up a convenience store for about $100,000, taking up about two-thirds of the initial cost. This business requires a truck, but does not need to get customers.
Bakery. This idea is fairly good. The bakery can be established as a business for very little money, but with very low profit margins.
Barbers Shop. One could operate a barber shop for about $8000-10000. There are usually little to no profit margins with barber shops, making them cost prohibitive in the long term. This option is moderately profitable, and provides plenty of opportunity for business expansion.
T-shirt and Men's Outfits. Men's apparel stores can be started from $6000, including rent. These shops are quite profitable, and this business has a moderate profit margin.
Car Wash. One can get an ice cream truck, woodworking shop, and cleaning and care services to create a car washing service. This is moderately profitable with a high demand.
A Hair Salon. In order to stay productive, a salon needs a clean, well organized and well-maintained place. One can start this business for about $2000, which is a low budget, but it would keep clients and is a profitable idea.
Music and Performing Arts/Concerts. One can sell one’s services for a lower-cost service business option, even for less than $10/ hr. The only disadvantage is that the business usually is not profitable in the long run. This option is moderately profitable, especially in times of peak demand.
Pizza Factory. The biggest and most profitable business out of the 4.
Hair Salon Business. This is not a profitable option, but is also not expensive. The only cost is hair cut, shampoo and conditioner. The only thing you need is a basic set up and maintenance.
Car Wash, or Washing Up. One could do this for $2000, including the required space. This option is quite profitable, but the cost of running and managing the business comes in to play.
Music Company. Again, this option does not need a store. Start up with $7000 and get the equipment up, plus the start-up costs to make it functional within a month. This business is moderately profitable.
Restaurant. It is not profitable to open one in a location where there already are multiple restaurants. For $2000-$3000, one can invest into it and see how it works or just stick to their budget.
Dry Cleaning Service. This is an option that may pay for the initial investment of equipment, but the actual cleaning and pressing would have to be done at the client's location. The profit is low, but the location is not.
Carpentry Shop. For as low as $4000, one can set up this business. This small shop is moderately profitable, especially since the start up costs are low.
Barber shop. One can get an investment of about $3000 or less and start a barber shop. Barber shops for men can be very profitable, but for women, they are not as profitable, but still low in cost of goods for all.
Jewelry and costume shop. One could purchase a simple jewelry and costume store for as low as $5000. This is a decent choice.
Grocery and Home Shopping. One can start his or her own grocery and home shopping business with a low starting cost. In many states, these services are not too expensive and do not require an additional location.
Small Retail. If one starts this business with $2000, or less, then it is a viable option. If one starts this business with $12000, then this business is not viable due to a very competitive market.
Photography. This is a good option for almost any person who has the artistic talent. This business does not need too much money to start it up because it can earn a bit much money during the day, but after a certain point it does not earn much.
Custom Fabric. For as low as $2000, one might consider starting up this business. You do not have to own any land for this to work, and this can be located in your spare time in order to reduce work pressure in your regular schedule.
Internet Store. One could take a low cost laptop computer and get it up and running. The only thing that I would not like is a store, but as low as $1000, one can get the internet.
