Consider giving equity stakes to its top bosses in case it defaults. If it fails, the creditors would receive the funds with the top brass getting the lion’s share.
Go cash strapped. It is best not to attempt to find out if a cash crisis is imminent. Many companies are in cash strapped mode which only further reduces their credit risks. They need other options, or to go cash strapped even if there are problems and a cash crisis becomes imminent.
Sell assets. Assets would include inventory and machinery. Selling assets could give the company enough resources to buy new products without selling their current inventory. The company can then take on a new line of products.
Cut office expenses. Reduce your office space to meet the needs of your business. You can do this either by buying out the current office space or by moving to a smaller office.
Seek an angel investor. An angel investor can be a great help. If the amount of capital borrowed is not too much, his contributions might pay for your payroll, marketing operations, rent, etc.
Get out of tax debt. Many companies find tax credits attractive, especially given the current economic recession. As they struggle to bring in new clients to take their place, some might not be able to pay their taxes. The cash flow then doesn't cover those debts. The decision could be either to settle the tax debts and receive the tax credits, or to take the loss and get out of tax debt quicker.
Cut salary and vacation benefits. These may seem like nice offers, but are really nothing more than promises. So it makes sense to take them out on a temporary basis.
Go into debt. Debt is a necessary evil to a company’s survival. If the company wants to keep operating for some period, it has to borrow until the debt is paid off.
Invest in inventory. Inventory could be bought on credit, in order to maintain supply.
Buy-out all inventory. The company might be able to buy up all its inventory at a bargain value, thus saving money while it can ride out the recession and return to profitability.
Keep the company up-to-date with technology. This will help the company stay relevant in the business world while providing its customers with an improved experience.
Short Term Debt Retirement. A key reason for the financial crisis is that our debt-to-equity ratio has never been lower. At some point, there may be little choice but to sell the company’s debt, but that should be considered after a thorough analysis of the total debt structure of the company and the company’s income statement. After that, the company could ask the lenders for forgiveness of a large portion of the debt.
Redirect the company’s cash flow. After reviewing its current expenses it would be ideal to see if the company can find a way to save at least 10% of the revenues it receives. The company may also have to make some changes to how it conducts its business. This could make it profitable, but will also significantly lower its revenues and bring in much more costs.
Rethink the product marketing strategy by using less expensive channels or by focusing on its core clients.
Cut off suppliers. The company could cut off some suppliers and also cut back on production, with these steps:
Sell assets. In the event that the company is in serious financial difficulties, the owner could consider selling assets which can be used for liquidity purposes, which may also lower the company's tax obligation on its shareholders.
Stop using a contractor or agency service. If a company has to find an existing expert, it may be more cost effective to take the risk on its own.
Get rid of overhead expenses such as office supplies and furniture.
Change the name. Companies which have become obsolete or which have gone bankrupt will have a difficult time finding a buyer. By changing the name of the company, the company’s identity would be kept clear, at least while it floats on its current clients.
Hire temporary foreign workers in order to decrease the number of employees to be laid off.
Increase advertising costs. A company can increase its advertising costs by 1-2 times if it reduces marketing costs and hires more marketing team members.
Increase wages. This can be done by increasing wages, including salaries, overtime, or benefits to keep up with inflation.
Hire an outside firm for the project.
Change business strategy so that the company is not just a marketing organization. A business plan is a good way to look at the present opportunities and look at ways to go forward.
Cut the company’s operating expenses. Lowering expenses are good, but you need to evaluate how you can do it.
Lay off a few more employees than planned. If the management needs to lay-off employees in the near future, the reasons should be listed in writing.
Improve its credit rating. This is essential for businesses.
Close branches. The company should consider closing branches that are no longer profitable and no longer generate new client revenue.
Cut all operational costs. The company could look to scale back on non-core operations like HR, finance etc., cutting salaries, and even the cost of supplies will help keep it afloat and keep the costs under control.
Start offering products on ebay. The company may need to raise funds for this from equity investors or find a more reputable market.
Sell some assets. If the company’s assets are too bulky or old to sell, the company management can sell the assets, pay the debt on the assets, and then use the difference to retire debt.
Sell assets. The company could sell off certain assets, leaving those assets available for future use.
Recruit from outside the company. If the company already has a staff, it can consider replacing some or all. This could prove to be beneficial as employees who are more efficient can be found, and it could help cut down on the expense of recruiting from within the company.
Improve product quality. Another reason to cut non-essential business expenses could be to improve product quality.
Sell assets. The company could sell some of its more expensive assets and then make up for the shortfall in cash flow by taking on more debt.
Take a part time job. The company may have been losing money in business during these lean times. Taking part time jobs while also taking care of your family is a good option.
Cut salaries. A reduction in salary will help reduce employees' expenses, and in turn help reduce the company's expenses.
Reduce company debt. The company is already taking a loan from another business partner, this could be reduced, and the reduced amount taken out through additional line of credit.
Close offices. If the company has too many offices, the cost of office space can be more than the annual cost of the company. Also, the company might need to lease offices in another city since it will not have enough money to buy a new office in a different city.
Take a tax write-off. The company can offset its tax liability by selling the goodwill and assets it holds while its core team were laid off.
Change management structure. It is necessary for the company to streamline and centralize its management structure to make it efficient and better value for the company.
Reduce staff. Employee reductions can help reduce expenses, but also harm brand building. On the other hand, reducing the number of staff may also help the company to raise its profile.
Restructure or split into two companies. The company should consider getting a bankruptcy lawyer to help it get through the process if it needs to exit completely.
Rework your business plan. It could take years before the company manages to turn it’s current marketing model into a lucrative business.
Take out short-term loans from different sources. There is no one lender to take over all the bank loans, so company management should consider taking out loan from different sources.
Don’t go public with the stock price. If it is still below the IPO price, it will be better to wait. It will cost a lot of money to do this.
Sell assets. One can imagine how much of the company’s assets can be sold off to reduce its liabilities and increase cash flow in the medium term. This step may require more extensive financial analysis than the next ones.
Cut expenses. To avoid laying off employees, the company can consider simplifying its operations.
Change its name. In some cases, when your company is in a precarious position, you could consider changing the name of the organization to a new name with a clean image.
Outsource projects and functions to another company. Having another company handle the project or function can reduce administrative overhead and help companies keep costs lower.
Sell off parts of the company. When the company is in better shape, it can sell off its parts as a whole.
Start investing in employee benefits. A company could invest in such things as:
Close a few stores or get rid of them. By closing retail or wholesale stores that the company is not using due to financial pressures will save the company money.
Purchase equipment for the business (not that it would have any equipment, but you never know what company could need).
Consolidate functions, possibly by merging. This would enable it to achieve several goals at once, such as:
Change it name. The company could get a new name and a new logo with a different color scheme which would give it a new “vibe”.
Sell assets. By selling assets, the company can increase cash flow and get a high purchase price for those assets which would be easy to liquidate when it comes time to get paid the money back.
Consider selling the company. The company has not run out of funds yet, so there is still the chance it could pay the outstanding invoices and still be healthy enough to survive.Q:
Sell assets. If the money from selling off its assets could be put to better use, then it may not even be necessary to shut down operations.
Reduce or replace inventory. The company can reduce inventory by selling some of the goods and taking out some of the credit for this inventory.On a Thursday afternoon, a dozen people who work at a restaurant in New York's Chelsea neighborhood say they became the unwitting victims of a mass cyber attack that the Department of Homeland Security has blamed on North Korea.
Sell the company. By selling the company, the management will be able to reduce financial obligations and increase liquidity by selling its non-core business operations for the quick sum of the price tag of the company.
Sell assets - Assets include land, buildings, personal vehicles, etc. This is the cheapest route to take, as the cost of selling the assets directly is usually less than the net value of the sales.
Sell off non-core operations. Non-core operations should be sold off as soon as possible while the company is still able to sustain operations.
Lay off part time staff. You could send the part time employees home with full wages and benefits for a period of time while you hire new full time staff.
Sell the company. The management could sell the company and the assets to a third party, and split the proceeds from the sale for the company. In this scenario, the company's liabilities are divided among the third party and the company.
Cut back on expenses. This may include a lower marketing budget, reducing employees, or cutting back on training sessions.
Restructure its expenses. The company can restructure the existing contract with a new supplier or take alternate production if expenses are too high.
Close an important factory. The company could sell or transfer its operations temporarily to an external vendor. In the case of an unsuccessful sale of operations, the company could use the capital to reduce its operating costs.
Take another route. In the worst case, the company can start looking at exiting the industry altogether by selling the company to another company with a newer industry, technology or process.Q:
Sell the company. This is my preferred option as it is the best way to take control of your own business affairs and become the sole owner! This would allow you to determine the future of your company which would not be restricted by the whims of the government.
Increase revenues. The company should strive to increase revenues by 10%. There are certain steps that could help to increase its profits faster, such as a better website, better brochures, and better advertising campaigns.
Sell/let the company. A final option for the company management is to consider selling the company to a company who does not want to deal with it and is willing to absorb the entire cost and the liabilities.
Take care of debt. The company could try and negotiate an out of court resolution of some or all of its outstanding debts.
Seek tax exemption. The company could declare itself as a trade or business under the country's tax laws. It would be treated much more favorably under tax law than a general manufacturer or small business, which in many countries have to pay much higher rates.
Buy land and improve its physical condition.
Get a raise. A company can use the raise for employee benefits such as a new cell phone plan or pension contributions and benefits.
Refund taxes. The company can take the opportunity to defer taxes on its previous clients while providing tax-deferred treatment for future clients.
Close down a business line.
Redirect investments. This entails making changes in its investments portfolio so that it is not reliant on cash generated due to the company’s operations.
Seek tax advice. Some companies can take advantage of the existing income tax laws for some short-term tax saving.
Reduce staff. The company management could consider a 15-20% cut in the number of employees throughout the company.
Purchase assets. The company management should consider acquiring assets whose value increase as revenues increase. This is a popular tactic, but there are drawbacks. Assets may be worth substantially more while the company is at full capacity while the assets that the company should purchase are in relatively good condition. Additionally, the company buying the assets may be forced to pay much more than the value of the assets.
Cut employee benefits and/or cut benefits. It depends on the size of the company and the employees, but can be considered for small/medium companies or when employees receive a reduced wage package as a consequence of the company's declining financial structure, layoffs taking place or when there is an unexpected influx of work.
Sell the company. In the event the company is sold to someone else, it could be liquidated to pay back creditors.
Refinance bank loans. This is one option the company management can still consider despite the above. They could look at the long-term credit rating. If it is good, the company would look for a financial supporter to help keep the company afloat during this transition.
Donate product to charity. The company will need to find a way to donate the remaining product to charity.
Sell all assets. The company will have to face a big challenge to close it’s books: it’s been selling off assets. This will hurt its cash flow, and hence its cash reserves.
Retain a majority stake. Many businesses are losing their owners due to retirement, divorce, bankruptcy or health concerns for example and are left with only the shares held by the family and investors. A majority stake in the company can save the company and the owners a lot of time and money spent in getting a new owner.
Cut staff. The company could reduce staff by 20-30%, keeping the core team and main operations personnel.
Sell assets. The company could sell land and other assets which has been paid in full for. This will increase the value of the assets at a cheaper price.
Find out how much the business may owe and then decide how much to request the lender.
Hire an accounting firm to review the financials. It’s also recommended to hire an outside accounting firm to do a complete re-evaluation of the financial reports, in case the previous accountants can’t answer or give the right answers.
Consolidate business with a bigger company. This will keep the company competitive while cutting costs.
Close its retail stores. It may not make any financial sense to liquidate its retail stores, but the company management may decide not to renew leases with the current retail partners.
Close a department. After laying off employees and taking a loan, the company could close its finance department and restructure the company's internal accounting and human resources functions.
Stop marketing campaigns which are no longer needed.
Increase operating expenses (eg. wages). The company could request for an increase in wages and benefit packages, in order to reduce its operating costs.
Look for an acquisition. The company could look to acquire another company and merge with it at this point. This merger would help reduce expenses and also improve its products or services.
Cut off services. The company needs to reduce operating costs or turn away customers to save money. If a company runs a retail store or a grocery store, shutting down all the retail outlets will free cash to buy needed supplies, so customers will turn to another merchant. However, if a business only sells an expensive service, like an insurance or mortgage company, cutting down on the service and offering cheaper services will keep customers.
Cut the salary of senior management. If it were a non-profit organization, it would be much healthier to reduce the salary of all high managerial salary earners, so that they could contribute more to the organization as volunteers.
Take a cash loan for some time. This can be an option when the company is a small operation or has a small list of accounts receivables. If it has a good reputation and is on good terms with its creditors, the company managers could take a cash loan from one of several financial institutions. This will enable the company to operate for at least 6 months without any creditors demanding repayment of the loan. Some financial institutions charge a percentage of the outstanding amount, while others offer fixed fees. Since
Increase the size of the operation. The company can increase the amount of the business, by opening new branches or hiring additional employees.
Retire senior executives. The company may need to do a series of ‘cost reduction’ programs.
Move it to a different space. It may be more profitable to move the company to a new facility that is cheaper to maintain. The company should do so if the new space is better equipped to accommodate the company’s new level of productivity needs, but the company should save money by keeping the initial space for as long as possible.
Reconsider sales strategy. If the company continues to depend on the traditional direct retail model, there is a chance that the company will get left behind in line with the changing demands. It is recommended to try the new market strategies from established brands or to try out new marketing channels.
Sell businesses or assets. The company could sell its land, equipment or even a whole plant if its liabilities exceed its current assets.
Restructure operations. The management should evaluate the current financial liabilities and explore if restructuring the company would be feasible.
Use the cash flow generated from sales of the current products to improve efficiency in your business. This will increase the money generated per customer and bring down the amount of cost needed per customer.
Sell assets. Any assets left over from past purchases would help the company keep afloat until a more suitable time. Consider selling the main operations equipment if the company still possesses some assets.
Layoff the CEO. This has been done in some companies but a CEO’s retirement is no longer taken lightly especially when it involves a company that is struggling to survive.
Hire employees as contractors. This is often preferable as it allows for better management and monitoring of expenses and reduces the liability of the company towards third parties.
Cut expenses. The key would be the cost of all the other parts of the business. The company would incur more expenses to keep it running.
Close the company. Some companies can also shut down their operation at the end of their term of 10-15 years. This practice is not uncommon.
Review operations. Conduct a cost-cutting inspection of the company’s operations.
Take out a line of credit. This will help the company to increase sales in the short term while reducing its overall risk.
Consolidate to a bigger company. Consolidating itself to a bigger company that can handle the same clientele can be a sound and effective decision made by the company management. This will be a great solution to reduce the company’s operating costs.
Layoff staff, especially those with long service contracts. It is common for those on long service contracts in the IT industry to be fired while most other segments of the economy fire junior staff for shorter periods of time.
Sell the company. After all the above steps were taken, the company can sell its assets for a small profit (10 to 15% of the assets’ market value). However many companies prefer a merger with a much larger firm as it would allow them to operate at their full capacity, which means they would have to pay all its employees a higher wage and also provide benefits such as health insurance (for their employees).
Pay back tax debt. A company can't run forever. Even if one of the primary reason for cutting costs was to cut costs, the government taxes should be paid off sooner than later.
Consider increasing dividends or reducing management charges
Sell its business. Although it is an asset, selling it is not possible without a fair amount of funds from selling some other assets.
Consider selling its existing property. This might not be an easy decision, but is a good way to raise cash to pay for your ongoing expenses and can make sure you have enough working capital to survive.
Review the company’s contracts and make cuts and/or renegotiate them. Contractual and non-contractual obligations could help the company to restructure and to cut costs.
Increase sales. Increased sales would increase the company’s revenues which will reduce its expenses, but in the short-term the benefits do not outweigh the short-term cost of increased sales.
Cut expenses by eliminating non-essential services. This is critical in any business, where a company needs to keep costs down as much as possible in order to keep itself afloat. This is true for any company, but especially true for those that have a large service or equipment business.
Cut the company expenses related to the payroll. This could be done by reducing employee salaries, increasing the retirement age, and cutting expenses associated with the company's vehicles and equipment.
Consider moving to a new location or relocate completely. The decision should be based on the pros and cons of different options available and then make decision with the help of financial experts.
Use surplus capital to purchase items of value, such as inventory.
Seek alternative funding. The company management should seek alternate funding from various sources. If the business is not making the grade any longer, it’s better to sell outright the business to an investor rather than ask them for loans.
Take out a personal loan. A personal loan provides a way for the company to borrow money on the same short-term basis without the financial hardship that a business loan could give, and at a very low interest rate.Criminal Minds (season 20)
Reduce employee benefits. The company should consider asking its employees for voluntary retirement.
Cut back on expensive professional services. For instance, take a loan to pay off their outstanding medical bills.
Increase advertising costs. Although the company would lose significant revenues during the down-times, it could charge more than average for advertising.
Sell the business assets. During the downturn, selling the assets could be difficult at first as the company may decide to pay a lump sum at a low price, sell assets or to close the operations for a certain period in exchange for a small amount of money. The company could sell the business premises and the stock certificates of the business on which the tax has accrued, to pay the outstanding tax in a tax-efficient manner.
Close the business. A company could consider selling its operation, if it has a huge debt that cannot be rolled over, but it would then be in a much financially better position to refinance the debt.
Sell its business. The company itself could be sold to private entrepreneurs or to a new owner-funder in exchange for a good rate of return. This could be achieved through an orderly exercise of the bankruptcy procedure.
Reduce staff by 20-30%. Having to lay off over 20 staff members does not have to be the end of the world though.
Sell itself. Buy out the company or sell it to another entity in order to reduce costs and reduce debts.
Reduce office space, furniture and equipment. The company’s office expenses are generally higher due to it running multiple business lines, so the company would need to cut down on its office space and office furniture and equipment to cut down on the overall expenses.
Sell assets or close businesses. The company, as an asset of the company, could be sold off in order to free up equity capital so that new investment can begin
Reduce the overhead expenses. This could involve cutting non-core operations, such as research and development and human resources departments. If other resources are needed to sustain daily operations, then let them work on generating new cash.
Eliminate the stock dividend. The company could implement a stock dividend, which would be a tax saving measure for the company even without an actual stock dividend payout.
Sell some of the assets. Selling the assets can save the company hundreds of thousands of dollars in the short-term.
Pay employee retirement contributions. Even if the employees did not work in years, the company might want to pay the monthly contributions to a certain fund for its employees.
Sell the company. The company could consider selling it to another group at a lower price, leaving the current stockholders in the process, or it could sell it to a new private equity firm.
Increase the sales force. In an effort to keep up with a rapidly changing market, or because the company has decided to move to a new market, the new sales force could be increased to meet the new demands.
Start selling products and services on the company website.
Stop advertising on social media. As the company becomes a smaller entity the need for social media is less to keep the news of events as high as possible.
Offer incentives in exchange for client loyalty. When clients begin to notice the reduced work hours and reduced prices, they will start to lose interest, and the business could lose momentum. That's where an incentive such as a 25% reduction in salaries for every new customer gained can be an effective motivational tool.
Raise capital in the bank. The bank would help the company in the short term as well as in the longer term.
Re-evaluate the investment portfolio. There should be an evaluation of the company’s current investment portfolios to decide if it can afford to keep them, and if so to cut them down to the most profitable investment.
Close unprofitable businesses. If a company can demonstrate that there is a significant chance of it being profitable in the future, it could be the best way for it to avoid any potential risk of bankruptcy.
Sell assets or take on a debt. Selling assets and taking on a greater debt would help the company reduce its financial burden.
R&D expenditure. The company should carefully plan for its research and development programme so that the new products do not get a raw deal over any long-term investments.
Move upmarket. If the cost of the first two options are too high the company could consider moving upmarket, where it can sell its products and services more effectively and at a higher price point. This option could be especially useful if the company is in a weak position because of poor customer relations.
Reduce the corporate overhead. This is an idea that I have seen many companies consider. With reduced corporate overhead, the company would spend less on marketing services as the new business would be able to draw on it more regularly.
Sell real estate. Companies that have real estate or real estate assets in their balance sheet are usually unable to sell their properties off for several years, in the future. The value of the real estate will be eroded to some extent once the assets are sold. So, they don’t have to pay much in total, and at least they could save some cash to pay their bills.
Seek government grant for working capital. A company in a tough economical situation would look for more and more government grants in order to maintain its operations.
Create a contingency plan. The company could create a back-up plan for its main business, business development and production.
Buy a foreign investment property. Due to its recent cash crunch, the company may be forced to look for a business investment, and could buy a foreign property which is either cheaper/cheaper to run, and would be more profitable per month than operating in India.
Seek credit from banks. Many banks have agreed to extend credit on the condition that the company reduces its total debt.
Create a product. Create a product around the problem and offer help to its customers. Offer a solution rather than simply providing solution. This is an easy way to increase sales.
Consolidate its overhead costs. If the company is operating at a loss, it should close its operations and consolidate its management expenses. This can be done by putting it up for sale. The company can be listed on an exchange or on an internal bourse.
Go into business with a partner. This will help the company stay in business while building the business over time and will allow it to grow with the help of a partner.
Reduce payroll. The company’s management should consider reducing the number of employees at least temporarily.
Go private.
Create a new product. Some of the companies are already in the production phase for their product/service and are looking for a new niche and a new market.
Close down the business branch in that country. If the firm does not have the finances to keep it on the local market while it waits for the loan funds, it might just close down the branch.
Sell assets. This is a very risky option. If the company has a big enough client base, then perhaps a sale could be made. However, this is not necessarily the best course of action.
Pay employees. The company could consider paying employees to reduce its expenses.
Consider reducing its stock or taking a stock buy-back. An equity buy-back program often gets investors on board with buybacks and, at the same time, keeps cash flow flowing in the short term.
Sell off its non critical business units. If the company has a valuable but non-core asset tied up in the companies, this can be sold off to private investors and thus take the money out of the business.
Keep the company operating. If a major cash flow problem appears, the company could consider going to a cash-flow positive status temporarily. This could allow the company to cut its operating expenses further during this time.
Sell assets to reduce liabilities. The company could sell some assets to reduce liabilities by lowering bank borrowings. The sale could also be a way to reduce the business’s capital expenditure while increasing its revenues over the next 24 months.
Make cuts in operating costs.
Sell. The company can either sell non profitable assets (such as land, houses), or take the decision to shutter, and close the doors, on its operation.
Seek for a buyout or IPO. This is the easiest thing for such a firm to do. If management feels that a buyout or IPO will be in the best interests of the company, then they can seek for such and raise capital.
Layoff some employees. The company could lay off some people for a few days to save money, if its financial situation allows it. The laid off staffers could be trained to assist the staff in providing the necessary work to the company.
Sell land. Using the land and buildings as collateral, the company could sell the land to a bank in exchange for a cash advance.
Reduce its capital expenditure. This would involve reducing the company’s costs via reducing operating costs or even selling the company’s assets or using some of its cash flow to reduce the company’s liabilities.
Cut maintenance costs. There may be certain projects that the company is unable to pass on to its suppliers due to a limited amount that can be procured. If the company has to pass on these projects to its suppliers, it could do it on cash-only basis and get certain discounts and reimbursements for part of the project cost. This way, the company would be able to continue its day-to-day operations with minimal financial damage.
Convert the company to 100% employee-owned, an innovative idea that has been floating around since the 1980s. In a nutshell, the company can convert its current structures to employee-ownership, and the employees own the company.
Consolidate your expenses. The company should reduce its expenses in the most efficient way. It can’t expect to grow if it doesn’t cut the expenses.
Reduce its overhead expenses. By doing so, it can reduce its sales and marketing costs and focus on cutting its costs.
Give employees shares. Give employees a stake in the company and let them share the profits.
Take bankruptcy. The company may need to sell assets if it finds itself in difficult circumstances. This should be done as soon as possible though, since the tax implications would be immense. To avoid this scenario, the company should always have sufficient cash reserves to cover its liabilities. Bankruptcy may also be the best option when the company has no other alternative.
Negotiate better terms with suppliers. By negotiating better terms, the company will reduce the expenses of the suppliers and save it some money as well. The new deal should be a long term agreement so the supplier can benefit from it over a period of time.
Review its credit policies. It should examine if it has any unfulfilled obligations with regards to credit and credit cards, loan accounts etc. It should consider whether it should continue to honor its card or loan. If it has any unfulfilled obligations it should consider whether to file bankruptcy or sell its assets.
Give up on unprofitable services. It is easy to say don’t work on things related to unprofitable business. But in this world, most of our businesses face huge challenges everyday to grow, while we have more options to make it profitable.
Consider an infusion of cash from either an outside investment or a cash infusion from an external investor if it can take funds from multiple sources and can take advantage of them.
Change business strategy. One of the possible areas for cutting costs is business strategy. A company that has already been losing money for a while can take one last shot at the business plan by trying to compete with new entrants.
Reduce inventories. This may mean downsizing the inventory, reducing its stocks of consumer goods, and reducing the quality of the products.
Offer better terms to potential clients. For example, increase the fees for customers, reduce commission percentage (and thus income), offer lower costs to customers.
Close down the company. It’s a risky move, especially if the company doesn’t have cash. But if the company has accumulated debts and no way of paying them, it could sell off everything that it can. The company could also close down its offices to prevent clients from inquiring about the situation of the company’s accounts or the status of its loans.
Invest in new technologies. The company can use technologies such as online software to expand its clientele, increase online sales and reduce overhead.
Invest in capital assets. The company could invest in some additional machines, or increase the volume of some products in its supply chain.
Sell assets. This will enable the company to maintain operations, and reduce the number of liabilities it has.
Sell its assets. If it cannot sell its assets, it can try to borrow money from the bank and purchase them.
Consider reducing staff at all levels in order to save costs. This is a good strategy. However, it is important to see how the other areas of the company could be affected first. For example: a department might be cut in order to reduce an important product or service.
Look at buying back shares. Selling off shares would give the management the cash for some of their operations.
Sell the company to a new management which has more financial and sales acumen.
Close a low-profit customer. One of its main clients is in a low-profit environment and may not get business in the first place. If the company can offer something better, then it can attract new customers. If the customer is not sustainable and in a good financial situation, then the company can try to sell it to another business.
Eliminate expenses. An elimination of unnecessary products or services will reduce inventory while the company floats.
Reduce salaries. If the management is really cutthroat and wants to trim costs, then they should pay part of employees’ salaries with a business loan.
Buy property. By now, the company has a very good understanding about the assets it holds, what type of ownership benefits it, and can it be converted easily. Therefore, it is quite likely that the company can convert its property into cash without too much difficulty.
Reduce expenses on equipment. The company could be forced to spend more if it invests on current expenses.
Restructuring the company assets. The company could sell or off-load parts off its current equipment and/or invest its savings in new equipment.
Outsource some part of the tasks that are not profitable. The company could contract out some duties such as travel, training etc.
Change management. The corporate culture has got to change. Managers need to step out of their own way.
Reduce staff. Reduce staff by 20-30%. If the company has a large payroll, it may need one or two of the more experienced engineers to be laid off. These experienced individuals will become unemployed and the company might find it difficult to replace them immediately.
Buy more assets. If the company is already working on its next generation of laptops and other devices, then it could buy those at less than the cost of manufacturing them.
Delay the purchase of new equipment. This would result in the delay of getting another vehicle and equipment.
Cut staff to a quarter or less. If the company does not cut staff, it will be forced to lay them off and lay off new hires at the same time. For those people left, the cutbacks will not be temporary. They can expect a lay off at the end of the month as the company reduces its workforce to a quarter or less.
Use part of company funds to pay back a mortgage. Using company funds to pay down debts and to pay mortgage, could put more cash back into the company.
Cut non-essential employee cost. Once employees no longer have to do routine tasks, their overtime, benefits, and costs for personal items would be reduced.
Delay hiring new employees. Once the situation is serious enough to warrant a layoff, the company could get in a state of emergency, and delay hiring new employees to avoid having to pay additional salaries in future.
Redesign the office premises.
Get into a merger. The company could merge with another company with better financial management to create a stronger and more stable company.
Invest in training. New employees may learn a lot during their first days on the job, a new strategy could pay them dividends after.
Sell the company’s assets. If the company has enough assets to be sold, the shareholders will decide what to do next.
Buy its own server. If you are struggling with inflexibility and lack of resources, using more of them will increase efficiency and allow your business to grow as an alternative to outsourcing it.
Change name. It is not possible to do this immediately but as the company sinks, it would benefit from changing its name to avoid any adverse effects.
Start making strategic alliances. The company could consider partnerships with other companies to form alliances that may help in the short term; if the alliances proved successful, they might add new clients who would bring in fresh revenue to the company.
Consider taking an IPO. If a company needs to reduce costs and stay afloat, going public and taking on debt is an option which would provide liquidity and protect the company from bankruptcy.
Cut costs where you can. Don’t hesitate to take a short-term lease of a store or rent a room in an expensive hotel. This will not only increase profits for a certain time, but will also help you save some money on the long term.
Change the name. Most entrepreneurs start with an idea and then come up with a name for it. If this name is too difficult to pronounce, it may be a good time to reconsider it or move on.
Convert investments to cash in an attempt to buy assets of the company, by converting the cash holdings in the company.
Sell assets. This might entail selling their assets or borrowing more money to finance more expansion to meet new client needs.
Reduce overhead costs. If the company can't slash its overhead costs, it will have to consider laying off employees. This would also save the company cash.
Cut back on the production process. Depending on the amount of cash flow from operations, the company could cut production and staff the company for the purpose of avoiding layoffs.
Hire contractors. For many companies, hiring a temporary employee to do the work of regular employees can be expensive. But contractors can reduce costs immediately and help the company remain afloat while the company works on its core operations.
Move to cost saving mode. With the expenses of a business of this size, it is not advisable to continue doing everything twice as efficiently.
Sell all assets or get rid of it. If the company gets rid of the assets and gets back to its regular revenue level, it can start paying back the company's liabilities, such as a business loan.
Refinance its debt. The company can refinance its existing debt and use the new money to do more advertising, improve customer service and hire new employees, thus increasing growth.
Retire its business from the market at the earliest, which could be done with help from the new capital.
Change the working hours of employee. The company could reduce the working hours of employees for specific purposes after assessing the current status and the business requirements.
Use the excess cash on working capital. If the company has not fully utilized its financial assets, the management should consider using its funds to further its operations.
Cut expenses. If you are able to keep expenses low, this will help you save some money. It will also ensure that you are profitable without a lot of marketing.
Change or reduce the business model. The company could reduce the sales and marketing departments to cut costs. Another option is to reduce the number of products offered, i.e. to drop a product line altogether.
Reconsider its strategy. Maybe the company should cut down on its marketing expenses (e.g. reduce the campaign budget, lay off some marketing staff) and focus on acquiring new customers instead, increasing its client base while building its credibility and brand name.
Cut off the company’s employees from company benefits. For as long as they remain with the company, they will continue to be paid a salary and get paid for work completed. However, the company could cancel their employee benefits package completely.
Close the gap. The company will continue to make sales and expand its product offerings - so there is not as big a gap that can be covered by additional workers.
Stop trading. The company could terminate all its trading contracts and take loans to replace them which would allow it to reduce its liabilities.
Reduce overhead. This should be done before the financial crisis is fully under control.
Rethink the customer interface. One of the more effective ways to lower business costs and keep clients is to reduce the amount of required sales-time.Q:
Hire the right people. It may be possible to let go of some of its core employees with a generous severance package, thus ensuring that not only will there be a new workforce but one that is better educated for the market.
Cut business travel expenses. While this isn’t a good idea if you have only one office in each city, a company usually will not be able to afford to fly across cities because they are spending a huge amount of money on air fares for a few days on a special one-time event.
Refactor/reorganize operations. This is particularly important for small businesses with multiple product lines. You will need to rejig your product lines, improve your service offerings and make changes to your company policies and procedures in order to reduce costs and improve the bottom line.
Hire some consultants. For companies without a clear direction, hiring consulting agencies can also help them to find solutions and improve productivity.
Improve company-specific services. In order to keep the company alive and increase traffic to its site, the company could improve its online presence.
Cut off the perks. This is an easy way to cut costs.
Hire and train new staff. The company could consider hiring, say, 10 new staff members.
Seek strategic partners. The company could consider partnering with another business who has enough cash flow to meet urgent needs without incurring more long term liabilities or increasing prices to ensure survival.
Consider selling out. The company could consider taking it off-shore, or selling it to a company with more cash flowing from the operation than it does in its coffers today.Dancing Man (1934 film)
Reduce inventory level. The company could consider making certain inventory purchases to avoid inventory losses.
Cut operational costs (mainly wages and salaries). If the company can get at least a 5% salary cut and employee layoffs will start in the new year, the financial situation will improve quite fast.
Cut management expenses. The company may decide to cut expenditures in several areas if cash is already thin and its cash flow is low. The company can make cuts by reducing salaries, increasing the number of employees who contribute only by their labor and providing free training to the remaining workers (as an exercise) or by cutting back on the salaries of the top managers who are earning tens of thousands of dollars a year.
Sell off land. The company is currently in the process of selling off land. If you sell off, chances are you will be able to keep the same operating percentage and a new asset. Keep this in mind for planning future growth activities.
Close the company down temporarily. After assessing it’s financial situation, some investors could provide capital for the company to remain open for a short period of time.
Close out business deals. In case of problems the management can take a break and let the clients know that the company has to suspend its services till the problem is resolved.
Cut expenses. The company needs to eliminate some overhead costs and could focus on getting back to its original business and also looking after its employees.
Go into debt. If the company does not have enough money, it may go back to previous shareholders or other investors for that is what can be termed as taking a company under your wing or taking it under your protection.
Get out of the house. Travel or change jobs or work at the company site. If the company is already in the home office, you can move out and work with the local people (in case you work there too).
Sell off unprofitable business assets. The company can sell the obsolete or outdated equipment and business software and other assets, which can help the company stay afloat for a few months while reducing costs.
Close down retail outlets. This could improve cash flow in the immediate term, but it will impact the brand image in the long term.
Reduce employee stock purchase plan. The company could consider reducing its employee 401k and 403b plans.
Cut non-competing contracts.
Consider selling assets. The company should consider selling its furniture (in exchange for money borrowed) or any of its equipment which could yield a better return and also attract qualified buyers.
Cut costs and get loans. It makes sense to consolidate its existing debt (which is going to be expensive) with a loan of $20-40 million to improve the company’s financial situation and maintain a cash flow in the immediate term.
Reduce its annual expenses of production and maintenance.
Get the management in another field. A company sometimes becomes too big and the management team loses sight of the customers and its business model. The company can reduce the staff and focus on the core business.
Sell company assets. Most companies sell a chunk of their assets in the beginning of a downturn, but then sell more assets as cash flow improves. Some companies may be able, after losing their home offices and other expensive real estate, to sell their equipment or vehicles for more than they could get for them in a sale. Others can sell their inventory of personal computers for a profit.
Make strategic decisions. If the company faces the need to create a new product line or increase production capacity, it should consider doing so immediately.
Restructure its operations. The company could attempt a major restructuring to cut its expenses down, such as changing its structure and ownership or reducing operations.
Cut costs to stay in business
Restructure the company. In the current economic climate, a company could re-organize itself and lay off as many employees as possible. Some key employees could be placed at entry-level positions while the rest are laid off, thereby increasing efficiency.
Sell off businesses and services through private equity. While a firm can sell itself in the form of assets, it will be necessary to sell off businesses and services. This will help the company keep some of its high-value assets and keep some of its current operations.
Sell the business to a bigger corporation. The company could become a fully owned subsidiary of a bigger corporation and retain full ownership. The company will be forced to cut its marketing expenses since it would no longer have the opportunity to buy the name and brand.
Sell assets. Selling off non-core assets is an option that can be an appropriate first step.
Sell assets and sell stock. A company needs to evaluate whether it have any remaining asset which could be sold at a loss on the market to bring in enough money to stay afloat. This could be a company's main product or its plant, or perhaps its valuable intellectual property, which would attract a buyer at the lowest market price. In recent years, this has been a popular way for companies to reduce their debt and stay afloat.
Restructure. The best way to save money is to find a way to decrease company expenses. However, if the potential expense savings is not substantial enough to make the business profitable in the near term, the company could restructure its business to make it profitable through some combination of the above-mentioned options.
Reduce employee turnover. As a result of reducing employee turnover, company's employees will find the company more profitable due to better business practices.
Cut its operating expenses. The company will have to cut operating expenses to reduce its expenses while also cutting marketing expenses.
Invest on new areas of business like ecommerce, social networks, and so on. This will help the company grow faster and save on marketing costs.
Pay higher taxes. The company can get more tax savings by making regular payroll deductions for taxes. An idea: Cut all tax savings by 15%.
Use of a personal trainer (or gym buddy) as a full time employee is a viable cost-saving method.
Shorten working hours. By cutting working hours of workers and shortening the weekend, the company could cut costs on overtime.
Increase marketing efforts. The company can use its money-losing business to increase marketing efforts on a regular basis.
Take out insurance. This would ensure that should they go under, then their owners, employees and other vital business assets will not be left with insufficient capital. There is no point in having a cash flow problem if the insured property is worth too much and the loss is too large.
Recruit a new in-house CEO. After assessing the liabilities it already has, the company could request a new line of credit which would help it stay afloat for a certain time.
Donate some of its money to charitable work. This way it can make money and help others while it waits.
Sell assets through a company buyout. This method would allow the company to rid itself of old assets while preserving the new ones for a later sale.
Convert a debt to equity. The company’s debt could be converted to equity using a debt-to-equity exchange ratio that meets the business value.
Eliminate other expenses. These include unessential services and expenses such as staff salaries, benefits, advertising, research and development, insurance, taxes and so on.
Lay off some of the lower level employees. If possible, consider transferring those with lower level skill sets.
Restructure. The company could consider restructuring its operations in such a way so as to bring down its financial losses. This is a tough one because restructuring may cause some financial losses as well as benefits. On a positive note there can be a great deal of savings if the company can bring down the expenses in a cost effective manner.
Negotiate with vendors to improve service. Negotiations with vendors could help reduce costs, while helping with growth plans. It also helps expand company's existing customer service network and creates new avenues to generate revenue.
Seek a loan. The company can request a loan from a relative bank or from the Internal Credit (which is a government backed bank that helps businesses to raise capital), if the company doesn’t have any viable credit on the basis of its cash flow.
Sell assets. If there were any value to the company’s assets, the company could sell them off to gain more market share.
Sell shares in the company. You can cut off from the board members and shareholders, but this means, in effect, selling shares back. This is the hardest part. What you need to do is to show how much you can contribute by selling them, then you need to convince investors to buy them. Most businesses sell shares in the end but if you want this to happen you need to manage this at the beginning. Some companies choose to have a series of sale options that work like a debt restructuring
Consolidate existing business units. If possible, consolidate units into two. Doing so will save a considerable amount of money in future.
Change its pricing and service offerings to reduce costs. This would help them remain relevant and gain new clients.
Use savings to cut costs. There are various ways to save money but the main thing is, no matter how little, there must be cuts in the cost of operations.
Reduce operating costs. This can be done by:
Consolidate businesses. Businesses which have been previously started or which have been shut down could be combined together or spun out into smaller, more profitable businesses.
Sell assets. It might be advantageous to sell some of the assets which the company needs to acquire for its growth. An asset sale might help the company take control of its growth and avoid the problems of inflow of new customers.
Cut maintenance expenses and reduce overhead expenditures.
Cut off employees. If a majority of the workers and managers are not essential to the company's business functions, it could consider to fire some employees. This will allow the company to hire at a later date when the current financial condition has improved.
Give up control. If a company is not making profits, it should consider giving up its ownership.
Take on more employees. Depending on the size of this company, it may need to take on a higher number of employees, to keep the business afloat.
Take a capital injection from a corporate bondholder, a bank or a money lender. The bondholder or bank will get the benefit of a lower rate of return on its investment. However, there is a possibility that the money could increase the company’s financial problems.
Cut spending on infrastructure. With an understaffed and aging infrastructure, the company could also consider shutting down its operation and refocus on its core business.
Raise capital by selling shares or equity. The company may need to raise up to 60 million pesos from the sale of shares or stock options.
Buy back shares. This is a short-term way of reducing the company’s risk.
Cut non-core costs. By cutting non-core costs, the company could reduce the operating margin while increasing returns on assets. If the company decides in favor of retaining these non-core expenses, or if the expenses are a non-critical portion of a business, a restructuring would be in order.
Redirect investment funds. The company should reduce expenditure on current projects and turn over investment funds to a new business that would be focused on long term growth.
Take a loan against it's pension fund. The money that was not used in the acquisition could be converted to equity for the time being, thereby keeping the company in business.
Outsource. Companies often require their employees to do certain jobs that are repetitive and not necessary. Some companies outsource such jobs so that they can increase their employees' flexibility. Since the company needs to cut costs to survive, they are not able to retain them and will have to pay them more for doing these additional tasks. So the company needs to find a way to outsource such jobs easily, since it would cause significant cost cutting and result in significant reductions in profit.
Close down operations temporarily or close offices. After accounting for inventory, the company will probably close down its offices to reduce operating costs.
Give employees raises: A higher pay scale can help attract top talent who will bring in new clients for the company. A one time raise can be given to a core team leader who can keep the company afloat until the company receives an infusion of capital from a new investor.
Reduce working capital. Reducing working capital will help it retain current clients. It could also help in reducing its borrowings by using a line of credit from a bank or a government agency.
Cut personnel. The company could attempt to get rid of the extra expenses by consolidating the current team in to smaller units.
Cut non-recurring costs where possible.
Cut expenses. Cutting expenses and implementing new ways of working without cutting staff can result in a significant reduction in the budget without major disruption to business.
Take an overdraft loan. The company could take an overdraft loan so that it can be easily drawn upon against short-term cash flow.
Take bankruptcy. There is a chance that the company’s business is so weak that it will be forced to go into bankruptcy. If the company were to go into Chapter 11 bankruptcy, restructuring can help save the company and its customers by transferring the legal responsibility to the bank.
Buy cheap foreign currency. The company could buy a sufficient amount of the precious metal to survive for a longer period of time.
Look for alternative sources of revenue. It would be wise to look for new areas of business where they can expand their footprint, if the market is not there on paper. If they are able to achieve such growth through organic growth they would make money even if they are cutting costs in other areas.
Consider outsourcing your production. You could outsource production with a partner company to increase the flexibility and reduce the in-house manufacturing costs.
Look into a bank loan. Borrowing $10,000,000 for six months at a time has the advantage of being able to repay the loan in the same period. However, the company will have to pay interest on the loan, and this amount could be reduced by a third or more.
Redirect expenses. The company will incur additional expenses that did not have before, like legal expenses, the cost of implementing IT, etc. However, they would do a better job and be able to survive for longer period and also pay their debts as well.
Take a loan for new production equipment. This idea works very well in the short term, but must be reviewed very carefully if the company continues to experience financial strain and it needs to go for a loan for new equipment.
Lay off senior management. This could help cut costs further, especially if there are management vacancies.
Buy a fleet or hire private contractors to operate the company fleet efficiently.
Increase sales. The primary goal here is to increase sales volume by a percentage for a period of time. This is usually achieved by increasing the number of client appointments that the company takes.
Cut expenses relating to maintenance and services. The company has to look at its long term maintenance and service requirements.
Eliminate certain nonessential activities. If the company is in the process of expanding, this could include replacing the head of the finance department, eliminating the finance manager, or eliminating all accounting services (finance department only, no billing or support).
Hire part time or seasonal work. This may provide additional funds (and profits) for the company but there are other less costly alternatives as well.
Reduce expenses (eg. travel expenses). After assessing the expenses the company already has, the company can cut other overhead expenses.
Cut costs by selling off the company. This is a last resort, but if the company is willing to leave a trail to the exit, the cost of exit might be low enough to be worth the risk of the market.
Use a tax shelter. This one is controversial, but could be effective as some of its clients do not have taxes to pay and the business benefits its tax shelter while its main revenue is from its client base as well.
Sell some assets to offset the increased liabilities.
Go after a new customer. If the company sees no more growth in the coming months, it could consider expanding into new business areas.
Seek bank guarantees. After taking out the regular business loan or raising new money from the private banks, the company management could get a guarantee from the bank that the company will be able to meet its obligations. Such a guarantee would normally be in cash, but could be in a special line of credit to cover unexpected losses.
Sell some of its assets for cash. It has to reduce its capital structure. This is to reduce its liabilities with the end goal of floating on regular customers.
Take a salary reduction. The company could reduce employee salaries until the savings are made from further efforts to cut marketing and marketing costs.
Take a bank loan. The bank would be willing to advance money to the company to meet an emergency.
Sell assets. It seems like a good idea at first, but when your cashflow from your regular clients starts to become less attractive, you would end up selling your assets for cash. It is unlikely that such a cash outlay would make any significant difference in the current cash flow.
Sell part of the company. The company needs to sell off its assets to pay back taxes and interest.
Layoff temporary key roles. The company could temporarily assign temporary key roles to other departments while letting the core team take care of the main activities.
Sell the company. The company could consider selling the business or part of it. The buyer could use the money the company owed to it to invest in the company for another 20 years, or whatever time line that business plan sets out. This is the best solution.
Don’t pay unnecessary salaries. Employee salaries are not an immediate or crucial expense, so the company should avoid paying high salaries.
Sell assets. The company could sell its assets such as its office or factory or office equipment because if the business is doing well, it would bring more value to the buyer.
Take a capital asset. After assessing the liabilities it is responsible for, the company could decide that certain assets, such as buildings or machinery, should be sold to cover the debt or even be used as collateral for another loan as an alternative to cut down on capital expenses.
Sell off land. The company can consider selling its land for more valuable real estate and then renting out.
Consider purchasing another company. If the company does not have funds with which to buy a company, it could make a private agreement to buy another company and run it with its current workforce until the company becomes profitable.
Consolidate or split it. It does not require to fire anyone immediately, but the company would have to decide whether it wants to maintain a single identity, or try to merge its operations.
Reduce staff level to the minimum level.
Use the company assets. The most profitable asset, without which a business cannot function, is a customer base. The company could consider offering its customers discounts of 20-30% from its regular retail price.
Turn over operations to non-employees. The company might consider turning over certain operations to those not in its own organisation, for example, handling its bookkeeping from outside.
Sell its subsidiary. The company or its parent company could be interested in trading the business or assets in order to cut its expenses and allow it to stay afloat.
Sell the company. This action would help raise capital by paying off a large amount of debt.
Sell assets. Even if the company is losing money, sell off assets, or sell at a better value to pay off the loan.
Reduce salary of executives. The company could take a voluntary pay cut if it has adequate cash resources in the bank and without taking excessive risks on its assets.
Stop all promotions. The company could take a 20% cut off its next promotion.
Reduce its operating costs. The company should look at reducing costs by eliminating services that either cannot be carried on after a certain date or are not very important.
Sell equipment. The company may sell a wide variety of inventory, which it can either buy or sell immediately. This could prove to be a good economic move for the company.
Consolidate departments. By reducing the number of departments in the company, the company could help minimize its cash drain.
Raise prices. Raising the prices of existing goods and services will allow the company to attract customers and to use less supplies, keeping more of its revenue as profit.
Use a consulting firm. Companies hiring a consulting company could get some long-term cost reduction while the company floats.
Hire part-time staff. The company would need to hire part-time employees to do non-critical tasks to reduce the need for hired full-time staff or to reduce costs.
Sell assets. If the business has no debts it should consider selling assets. Some of these assets could be the company truck and other machinery.
Get tax advice. If the company has accumulated a large tax bill the last few months, the advice of an accountant would be a good move.
Convert to cash. You cannot get new customers in the cash register. If you convert your company in cash through an ordinary liquidation, you will be able to get new clients.
Get out of debt soon. With a business failure of such magnitude as the one which occurred on September 11, the company should reduce its indebtedness to a fraction of what it is and then reduce costs significantly. This will allow the company to use future resources for the benefit of the shareholders instead of only to repay itself.
Eliminate duplicate employees. The company may eliminate any worker who is part of the other two groups or departments it has.
Reduce operating staff by at least 20%. This, of course, does not mean to reduce the number of employees, only means to reduce the number of those doing routine activities.
Consolidate operations. After it has been a year in operation, the company could consolidate its operations and reduce overall operating costs.
Cut costs or increase revenue and profit. Another option would be a long-term contract which has a number of benefits over a short-term one. Such a contract usually implies a lower annual fee (usually 30%) and is often better for company's long term growth since it avoids the pitfalls of a "contract year".
Reduce company perks/salary/stability to help boost cash flow.
Use of accounting information to predict business prospects. This is usually done by the financial team after studying and analyzing the past data of past projects.
Reorganize into new lines of business. Old marketing activities could be continued while new activities are introduced.
Reroutees some departments, such as Sales and Marketing, to decrease costs immediately. In addition, the company should also look at the possibility of cutting some people in departments that are of low priority. This way the company can cut costs without too much risk of losing its position.
Hire a consultant. If there are a lot of problems, consulting a expert is the most appropriate solution and can reduce the risks involved.
Eliminate cash flow problems. Cash flow problems are inevitable in business. If the company is cash-flow positive, cash is flowing in; if the company is cash-flow negative, it is paying out more than it takes in. In some cases, the company could ask the banks to increase the amount of the cash flow problem by loaning it additional money.
Close some unprofitable branches. For example, if the company has closed its unprofitable bakery section, the management should consider closing or closing a couple of other sections.
Sell its non-core assets. If the company is making a lot of losses, consider selling some of its non-core assets such as manufacturing equipment and intellectual property.
Cut management and other employee expenses. With all the salaries and other expenses the company generates, even though it is technically able to continue operations, the company would be best off cutting these expenses.
Consolidate assets. Even if a company can no longer keep up with its expenses, it can sell off assets and reduce the size of the firm to meet the current financial requirements.
Restructure the organization (if it's necessary to do so). The company should examine its current model and consider ways to reduce its head count, reduce costs or increase profits, in order to remain competitive.
Make a series of acquisitions. A company could consider a combination strategy where it acquires more businesses, thus reducing the amount of its loans. The acquisition strategy also eliminates debt and the company only has to pay out small interest rates.
Consolidate some operations and subsidiaries. Having too many divisions and subsidiaries would result in a great burden.
Change the business model. The company management could take a strategic decision to change its business model with the new model in mind, which would require large expenses.
Reduce the costs of the property the company owns. This should be a last resort, only if it becomes clear that the company needs to close the business down until it clears its current liabilities. Otherwise, the company should invest money in the property instead.
Cut salaries and benefits. This allows the business to make additional profits while it reduces its spending and its expenses.
Give up on the idea of making cash back with your product, instead opt for making it a high-margin product with added features.
Consolidate operations. The company has a number of functions (business, technology, research and development, etc.) which could be transferred to new centres. It will also help the company meet the current deadline for raising funds.
Cut benefits. Benefits could be cut, but most would be maintained.
Seek strategic partners. A partner might come in and offer to buy up its debt, assuming the company is not too big.
Take cash and pay off debts. Due to the financial stress situation, the company management should think of an alternative that will not affect the company and save the company some debt. If it is the case, then taking loans from the bank would be the best option.
Get out of your business (or find another one that might work for you). If there is no business opportunity available in your industry, maybe your business is outdated and it’s time to take a break.Q:
Sell property. If the company is in financial difficulty, management may not be able to pay tax bills. A business loan to pay tax bills would help reduce the liability. The loans would be interest-free for a time. During which the company would continue to run or restart as needed.
Start a new business. This will generate a revenue stream to cover the liabilities and reduce the current expenses. The key is to find the right company that won't get in the way of your next venture.
Create a special fund for special projects. One of the best solutions for a company in serious financial strain might be to generate a business revenue or special funds. The special fund would help keep the business afloat during this difficult period.
Cut back on expenses such as overtime shifts, car rentals, office supplies, etc.
Sell the real property. If the real estate of the company is still worth a lot more, the Company can consider selling its inventory. It can pay the market rate for property sale from an existing inventory.
Seek government investment. A government assistance of some sort could help out here as well.The present invention generally relates to the field of electronics and, more particularly, to methods for fabricating high density semiconductor die on a semiconductor wafer, such as integrated circuits, and apparatus for the same. The method and apparatus enable production of circuits of the high density, complex digital circuitry in such a way that the devices or integrated circuits that are produced will satisfy a wide range of electrical demands and also
Cut or merge with a competitor.
Consolidate debt. Since this company is in the process of closing down, it could ask creditors to take a higher grade of personal loan debt, and merge with one of its competitors to help it survive and thrive.
Sell the business. In most cases this is the ultimate solution, since most of the current losses are incurred by doing business in a state of severe under-capitalization.
Rework the current client list of the company and re-launch it.
Increase debt payments. The company could increase current and long term debt.
Sell assets. The company could sell off non-core assets so that it would be free to concentrate on the core operations.
Keep the company afloat for a long time by using other sources of capital. As we all know that banks have loan policies which usually make it hard to get a loan. One method of getting loans could be issuing bonds. Such bonds could also act as guarantee to the company.
Cut employees’ salaries. The company could reduce the salaries of the employees and pay them in shares or equity based compensation instead.
Increase sales. The company could take on new clients by increasing its sales.
Lay off non-permanent staff. The company could consider cutting the non permanent staff by 30% and retain the core team.
Use the remaining profits to acquire a better business. The company has to consider the possibility that the government will stop giving subsidies for its products or that the market shifts in a negative manner as a result of the crisis. The company should assess whether the government would like to buy products made by the company or if it might be able to outsource manufacturing and services to other countries. With a new line of credit, the company could increase its profit margins by investing in developing new markets.
Increase working capital. The company should consider taking out a line of credit from a bank which normally charges higher interest rates. A line of credit could help finance other short-term needs of the company.
Take a restructuring offer. With an offer the company would receive from a venture capital firm, it could negotiate the terms of the offer to see if they are attractive enough to justify accepting it for the company.
Take a salary reduction or early retirement. This will also save money for the company by reducing salary expenses, but will make life more difficult for the company.
Sell assets. Assets like land, buildings and buildings on lease can be liquidated by selling them off to a buyer.
Increase inventory levels. If a particular product line becomes obsolete, increase product inventory levels, thus helping to keep product prices in check.
Sell the company. If the company has liabilities beyond the current loan, a debt buyer which would be willing to buy a company back at a lower price than what it has sold it for could come in handy.
Consider an outside investment. The company could borrow money to pursue a new business venture. The company could sell some of its assets to the investment company in return for capital to expand without compromising its long-term financial standing.
Reduce investment spending. The company will likely need to focus on short-term investments which would further reduce its expenditure.
Negotiate for another company to buy or purchase its assets. This strategy has a higher probability of success because the company may get a higher net cost and a new owner to make tough decisions.
Reduce expenses. Since the company is struggling to stay afloat, it will need to economize by cutting spending.
Cut non-core projects costs. If the company can no longer afford to carry out its core projects, then it may ask for a payment moratorium.
Eliminate old equipment. The company needs to get rid of old products and equipment. It should eliminate all the obsolete computer and software systems and invest in software development platforms.
Take a share in a company in trouble. This will help the company avoid the negative implications of a takeover, helping it out to get through a tough time. The shares in question would be purchased on the market.
Sell your house. If you have any substantial equity in your home, you stand to sell your home for a much higher price.
Reduce investment budgets. The company could reduce the investment budget by 50%. With the company’s total assets being 20% of its equity, this will make a lot of sense.
Reducing the number of product types. This will reduce the expenses as well as expand the customer base.
Reduce dividends. Dividends are paid after a certain period (in the present case, six months), not being paid immediately, so the company may have to stop paying them in a few months.
Cut staff. The staff could be reduced by 20-30%. Keep the employees who have direct line of communication to customers such as secretaries, data entry clerks, drivers and the like.
Consolidate employees into other departments. Asking the current employee to move to another team will improve productivity.
Close down some divisions. By cutting down on products to save money, the company can eliminate waste. This would in turn cut costs.
Consolidate some operations. If more than two or three businesses have similar operations and customers, merging them into a single company could significantly reduce the costs.
Sell the company. Depending on the sales volume of its core business, it could consider selling the company to someone who could take on most of the company’s liabilities, especially in the areas where it doesn’t make much money.
Increase advertising and selling efforts. Advertising has proven most effective for increasing sales for many companies, but is most effective at attracting new customers to the company. Marketing tactics may need to expand as well.
Cut expenses. The company can increase revenues by increasing inventory and services provided.An assessment of the quality of data entry for cancer registration in the South East of England: a pilot study.
Convert the company’s books to accrual accounts. If the company is able to maintain cash flow as a result of cut in marketing cost through layoff, then it would be wise to convert it to accrual accounts as soon as possible. This will reduce payment to employees, vendors and other creditors.
Sell off assets. This would help the company to meet its obligations as well as to save funds while the company floats on the residual income once again.
Increase dividends. It is in the interest of the company to increase the percentage it raises from its profits, as the dividend can increase the value of the company.
Change the name of the company. If a company name is in bad taste then one of the options for the company is to change the
Consolidate operations (reselling) its business operations. This may involve buying out other companies or businesses that offer similar products and services. Consolidation can reduce the total number of operations and may even save the company from having to increase its workforce.We have studied the functional activity of the GABAA receptor. GABA is the major inhibitory neurotransmitter in the brain. It is a ubiquitous messenger in the synaptic and endocrine systems. This action of GABA acts through high and low affinity receptor sub
Invest in software and technology. After looking at the company’s current software infrastructure, and comparing it to the competition, the company management could make a decision to invest in creating a more robust software infrastructure or to invest in technological upgrades.
Increase dividends and salaries. This will go a long way towards reducing its immediate cost of funding by increasing its own funds.
Take another company loan. The company could take a loan from various investors to keep it afloat temporarily, while taking steps to reduce expenses.
Consolidate or spin off the operations. A decision regarding this needs to be discussed before taking a concrete step; it would be good to explore potential alternatives during this phase of downsizing.
Retire equipment. For a company in good financial shape, keep equipment, which is unessential, to free up cash in long term.
Short the staff with the least experience. Although the company will need a few new employees to complete the job, lay off those most experienced.
Take a management buyout offer. This may or may not be possible, if the company's board of directors is very conservative and has not granted the management the rights to purchase the company's shares.
Increase inventory. This will help in decreasing the inventory of raw material and also in allowing for some time to develop and test new products.
Take out a personal loan. This could be used to cover payroll expenses and pay off a new loan.This invention relates to a method and apparatus for providing an improved product which is characterized by a reduced amount of impurities which comprise the product. Specifically, this invention relates to a method and apparatus for separating impurities in a product which is comprised of particulate material.
Reduce the dividend payment. After giving a written justification, the company can reduce its yearly dividend payments. For example, if the annual dividend is $2 million, it could reduce it by half. The company will then save some $1 million and stay afloat for another year.
Buy a property. If the economy is very bad and if the company is already in financial trouble, then it might want to buy a property now and then move it out of its current location.
Sell assets. The company could consider selling off some or all of its assets to pay off financial obligations it incurred due to the recent recession. The company might also attempt to refinance its current debts at a lower interest rate to get money for growth.
Cut its pension costs. This will most likely impact the company’s performance
Seek venture capital and/or venture capital loans. If there is a gap in the private capital market, or if the company is losing money for some other reason (like high costs), it could ask for venture capital to close their funding gap.
Sell some of its expensive assets. Assets which are not used or in any way utilized by the company could be sold to the extent that it helps it minimize its overall liabilities.
Buy land. The company could sell its land holdings and expand its retail operations and create a new division for distribution services within the business.
Sell property. Even if a company has assets to sell, some of it may have no value since its value may not be recognized in the market. In this case you can do a reverse merger of sorts. You buy the asset which is still earning good cash flow and you sell the one which no longer does.
Use the equity to pay down debt. The company can use the equity to pay some of the loans that are already in the system, thus reducing the amount of debt it have to take on.
Buy a factory. The company could use the money to purchase a business to keep its operations going; a factory would allow the company to run regular manufacturing operations and use all the new equipment to maintain a strong brand identity.
Consolidate assets. The company would look at merging its inventory (which is more valuable than its current assets) with another company to form a larger company, with the hope of saving money on costs.
Take some time off. Employees may lose an easy-filled holiday as the company may need to go back to its regular operation.
Close down the company and close down its operations. The company could also close down its business operations, but not every company must do this. Some companies have limited cash-flow but still keep their operations in place because they have a strong brand.
Go bankrupt. If the company doesn’t have a large enough balance sheet to be put on the government’s asset list, it’s time to go bankrupt. Not only would it leave it with a massive debt, but also it would leave the company’s creditors with nothing.
Sell assets. Depending on the assets purchased and its market value, that is, in terms of the amount of money the owners would be willing to pay, the company could decide to sell the assets.
Go public via a Share Exchange Offer (SEO). Some of the company’s best managers are already selling their shares via SEO – one of which, Mr. B.K Reddy, is already selling up to Rs. 3,000 crore worth of shares a day. Companies go public through SEOs, and the shares start trading on the Stock Exchange within a day or two. These shares would initially be traded at a premium over the going market rate. As the price of shares
Use stock options as an incentive. When stock options are converted, it will most likely create a huge profit for the company. If the options are exercised for the maximum amount, it will increase the valuation of the company by huge margins, which will benefit the shareholders. There are many companies which use stock options as their main source of profit.
Get rid of unnecessary costs.
Find a cheap supplier. To cut costs, businesses should consider finding better quality raw materials and/or better quality products at a low price.
Hire some part-time employees.
Look for opportunities elsewhere. If the company is not making enough profit to cover its expenses, it must explore opportunities in the market for a comparable position where it can improve its business margins.
Sell the product. Selling an expensive part of the company’s assets would provide a cash yield which is a cash cow, and therefore, would justify the investment.
Change its business model to avoid obsolescence. When businesses run into financial problems, they generally retrench their way towards survival by changing their business model — usually with a new one but eventually with a business to make it last.
Look for alternative markets. The company will need to look for new business opportunities outside of its current field. After all, a company cannot sustain all its employees if it is forced to cut down or layoff them. Therefore, the company should look for alternative markets where it can generate profits.
Use a software-based accounting system. The software system helps the accounting department in taking quick, accurate financial statements rather than depending upon paper-based accounting system.
Keep inventory on hand. Since the cost of producing products is the same whether it is sold or not, this is a good way to reduce inventory.
Cut spending on new building and equipment. The company could consider delaying acquisition of new building and machinery until after having a plan in place to take on new clients.
Sell some operations and assets. Some businesses could sell off a certain number of operations to another company in the hope of future profit by doing it.
Buy back shares. A company may buy back shares in the market in order to buy back all the shares at the exact price they were bought in.
Sell its business. The company could sell its business to a smaller company, increasing its ability to maintain its operations and continue serving its current clients.
Buy inventory. If your business has too much inventory, consider selling some or a combination of low demand items to increase profits. The cash profits from sale of inventory can be used to help repay the new venture financing.
Reduce the number of new projects. This could mean that you end up with more unmet clients, but at the cost of higher client attrition.
Use a new marketing agency. There are several marketing agencies offering cheap rates. Also, the client can choose a marketing firm that charges by the word rather than the number of clicks.
Move headquarters to another city. By relocating the company out of its existing building, the company’s new location will be more convenient for the workers.
Sell off assets – This should be considered a very serious move which would have potential tax implications. However, the tax department is the least of the company’s worries with business ventures.
Sell or buy a business at a loss. A business could sell the company or buy it at a loss since this is not a profitable venture.
Move into a new business. This could come from selling out entire business. However, this will not be easy since the company management needs to ensure everything is in the right place.
Retire the CEO. If he or she doesn't perform as expected, let the company management decide who will replace them.
Get the best possible advice on the matter from the financial advisors of your choice, including experienced ones.
Turn off the phones. Turn off all the cellphones and mobile data lines, and turn off all the outside mailboxes. Do not order items from the company’s vendors through these “circulation” methods.
Consider selling assets. When the company has little to no cash to pay for operations, it could consider selling assets and raising money to repay the borrowed credit line.
Take out insurance policies on key employees. Having an insurance plan that covers both the company and its employees will be a prudent investment at this time.
Find new customers. Finding and retaining new clients without losing money is the key to saving the company. In many cases an inbound marketing strategy will be as effective as hiring a fulltime employee.
Retrench staff, while retaining key personnel that has worked with the company very closely for a long period.
Delay expansion. A delay in expansion plans could possibly save as much as half of the company’s expenses.
Sell the company’s other assets to pay back the loan. A company’s real estate can be sold for cash to pay off such a loan.
Reduce employee head count by 50% or more. An initial estimate shows that the company has just 200 employees. This could be reduced to about 75-100 with some savings on salaries.
Negotiate with employees. The company could discuss a short-term reduction in salaries, if possible, or let go of some employees.
Hire new sales-people. New sales-people will be hired to replace the old sales-people.
Seek a partner or acquire a competitor. This step may not seem necessary to the management, but it’s good to remember that this is a business, and it is a business at its core.
Get an infusion of capital from outside. Businesses which have suffered in the recent financial turmoil could ask for a loan.
Cut back on perks. Some companies have gotten in the bad habit of providing perks to executives. While they are good for people who do the jobs, these perks cost the company money in the long run.
Reduce stock prices. This is a more long run strategy but it requires the management to stay disciplined and ensure it does all it can to keep the stock price attractive in the long run.
Cut expenses – cutting expenses would help the company stay afloat with increased revenues.
Reduce marketing expenses. This could also prevent any future problems and help it grow.
Cut salaries. Cut salaries might mean layoffs in the short term, but may also trigger the end of the company’s existence due to its large outstanding liabilities.
Increase staff numbers. The company can add to its employee base and in the process, reduce the expenses (outgo) of providing employee benefits such as salary and healthcare.
Transfer operations to a foreign country, India being one of the best options due to its financial support while it searches for a new business concept.
Cut staff. This might cut down employee numbers as well, but the company should try to make sure that it does not compromise the quality of work.
Sell assets of high value. Assets of high value and high liquidity like land and factories should be sold to reduce its current liabilities in case of any major downturn.
Look for potential partner. One area where the company might consider to cut costs temporarily, is to look for other investment opportunities in the markets it operates.
Cut production. If the company has a production deficit, it could easily absorb another $10 million in production costs by reducing some production line.
Cut services. This is the first one which people don’t like to do due to the impact on other businesses. It could save up to 50% in the long run.
Move some or all of the current clients to a different department. This move would ensure that your company is not dependent on one client, but that every client can have multiple vendors to choose from.
Take out a bank guarantee. A bank guarantee helps to give banks a certain sum of money to guarantee the company's ability to continue operation.
Hire a business consultant. The company could hire the help of a business consultant who could help with strategic planning and improve the business.
Use a cash infusion to buy back stock. The company needs to cut down the stock price by 10-15% and use the proceeds to buy back company stock at the current market price.
Offer to sell. The company could consider selling out to an acquirer; there are many companies willing to buy a startup company, especially one in distress such as one under bankruptcy protection.
Sell products. After cutting marketing costs it may make sense for the company to reduce the product lines it manufactures and focus these on areas where the customers’ need is not strong but which provide an opportunity to increase the company’s income.
Increase the number of on-line orders. The company could consider increasing its total number of orders, so not all of them must be completed on paper. On-line sales will cost less, but the company will have more time to get responses and feedback.
Reduce overhead costs. The company needs to look at eliminating all its unnecessary expenses to reduce its expenses that would increase its debt as much as 15-25%.
Consolidate departments. Some corporations are experiencing cash flow shortages and need to consolidate all business functions. Consolidating departments will allow the companies to reduce operating expenses and save money.
Sell. The company can try selling its assets, for example the company car, or the business it was operating before. This way, it could get a more stable financing, while its other operations (such as IT) continue to run. It also gets a better return for the time it takes to complete the sale than a complete takeover of the company.
Increase share prices. If share price is still low, company management could take steps to increase the share prices which would attract more customers as it is. This could also help the company to make profits while retaining its core operations.
Sell off its assets. Any company that is under a lot of financial stress will not want to keep any of its assets. After assessing the assets and liabilities, the company management can decide whether to sell off some assets or continue to hold the old assets and retain the new liabilities.
Cut expenses. The company should look to reduce expenses in order to lower its burden upon its shareholders. The company may cut employees salaries and benefits. It could also consider eliminating perks but only as a last resort due to the high cost of maintaining the perks.
Sell assets and reduce debt. The company could possibly sell some assets, increase its debt-to-equity ratio, and lower the interest rate.
Reduce capital spending. Depending on the company’s capital costs, a reduction in capital spending can also be a wise choice.
Cut expenses associated with non-core operations. For example, look out for unnecessary purchase of office furniture and pay for it using cash flow.
Cut operational costs, that will help the company. The primary cost is office rent for space which is used as office space. The cost reduction in office rent can be significant if the company has been growing at a rate in excess of 20%.
Reduce expenses. The first step to reducing expenses should be taking a better look at every element of the company’s business, including its current staff. If the company can reduce its expenses, then this will mean the company could remain financially afloat while cutting costs.
Shorten or increase the working hours of part-time staff.
Move to a new office location. New locations make it easier to meet with customers and prospects alike.
Cut expenses through efficiency improvements. The company could cut the cost of product and service, by eliminating the less-desirable products and services, to increase their profit margins.
Convert business to a limited liability corporate structure in order to avoid a lot of tax liability.
Close the company. If the company were to close it would have the most to lose and most to gain. It might look like that decision is the safest, but we are not always right.
Reduce salaries by 20% to eliminate redundancy in the current team.
Layoff part of its workforce. This would relieve the core team and improve the company's potential growth.
Cut staff travelling to the client sites. The company needs a number of people to deal with the needs of current clients. But now there is just no way it can make ends meet.
Cut employees’ perks. The company could eliminate or significantly reduce benefits, salaries, and the size of the company’s expense account to make a good financial move at an opportune time.
Buy new buildings to expand the business. The company may have to borrow a lot of money for this, and it will help that borrow money is paid back faster if the company has fewer assets to finance it.
Consider selling company. A company facing declining profits and increasing costs can consider selling the company to another company in which they are already an equal partner.
Sell assets. The company can sell its land and building when it is needed.
Buy back shares. The company could buy back all its shares at a discounted price and use the funds for further investments to increase its capital base, which should help it float a bit longer.
Sell assets. Assets can be sold for as low as the market value.
Purchase a non-core business. A business might need to be rebranded and its operations might need to be tweaked to make it more cost effective.
Seek credit enhancement loan. A traditional line of credit could be used to support the company during this period. The only thing to watch out is that at this time the company would need a higher credit rating before it can obtain the line of credit.
Reduce payroll. If the company would need to increase their production cost or reduce its payroll size, it should consider reducing it in the immediate term.
Take out a corporate bank loan. Bank loans can help companies in difficult times by providing some short term loans, while also relieving some of the debt that already exists.
Raise short-term debt. The company may be in a deep financial hole until the next wave of recovery, so it may want to raise short term debt to take out some of its debt.
Stop doing promotional offers. Doing so could incur further losses.
Use the assets such as land and buildings for another purpose.
Consider downsizing. If the company is already running out of cash, it is better to reduce its workforce.
Find ways to reduce overhead. After all costs are tallied up, it might be wise to lay off employees to reduce overhead.
Close the plant. If the core team agrees to this, the company can close its existing company-owned plant or acquire such a plant from a competitor.
Stop paying its mortgage in cash. The company could invest back some of its cash flow back into its business operations, by giving it the use of borrowed funds, which would enable it to continue its operations.
Diversify its assets. Selling its major businesses may bring some quick profits and boost the company’s confidence. It will still need financing for projects further down the line.
Get another line of credit. The company also needs another line of credit, to help it survive for a longer period of time.
Reduce the number of products or services the company delivers. The company’s offerings could be drastically reduced in number, thereby maintaining a level of competitiveness.
Delay capital expenditures. One of the ways to cut costs, however, is capital expenditures that would not impact the core business of the company. By delaying capital expenditures, the company can benefit from current investments, as interest on investment grows and more businesses in the market compete for the company’s customer base.
Invest in new projects. New projects could have their own set of risks. However, they are very cost effective too. So, they may be an excellent way to grow the business.
Stop marketing. If the company decides to stop marketing, it can cut costs significantly.
Hire fewer staff. If an employee joins the company, he or she will be treated as independent contractors and will receive no benefits.
Sell off assets. A company can dispose of non-core assets and sell off non-core assets which are easy enough to sell with little or no problems.
Buy equipment not used by other businesses. With no regular customer base, if a new client asks for services, the company management may need to look for a supplier who offers a high quality of service and low initial costs in a good location.
Take out a personal loan to cover the initial costs. If the company can’t find cash reserves to provide loans of its own, getting a personal loan can be a great way to begin saving.
Reduce the number of employees. After assessing that the company can cut staff by a quarter by the next financial year (i.e. cut the workforce by 20% instead of 30%), the company can consider downsizing the existing personnel by 20% instead of 20%, and increase the number of new employees by 1% (this is based on the annual payroll).
Consider reducing payroll costs. The company needs to cut payroll costs to make more ends meet.
Convert to another company. Alternatively, the company could acquire the intellectual property of another company. The key problem with this approach is the ‘time-to-purchase’ that would take place in order for the company to realize the potential gains.
Increase working capital. When the core team members are laid off, they lose their income and their training and experience. But the company could take an extra cash infusion from the bank or outside sources to increase the working capital reserves of the company.
Reduce business loans by 90-95%.
Change its tax policies. The company should consider altering its tax policies, perhaps changing from having profits tax deductions, to sales tax deductions, to take advantage of a new sales tax regime in Malaysia, which encourages consumers to buy goods.
Reduce inventory. Selling off inventory would help the company cut costs in the short term, but this will not be long term.
Sell assets. Any major assets owned by the company, such as computers or a factory, could be sold to an outside party to help finance the company.
Buy new assets. Purchasing newer and/or more cost effective machinery will reduce business costs
Cut back on marketing activities. This would not reduce revenues immediately but would also save company from the negative impact of the cut.
Increase the number of vendors (partners, for joint ventures) the company uses.
Sell company assets. Once the company has started up again from selling its equipment, offices and machinery; it may be able to sell this assets for a large profit.
Sell land holdings. If the land assets are not worth much, but the company has no other options for getting money, it could sell off its large holdings in the real estate market, helping it recover from the current financial problems.
Look for business partners. Companies can get new clients by entering into business partnerships or by acquiring other companies.
Pay off debts. For example, instead of continuing to pay bills of £20,000,000 per year, the company could reduce its annual costs by £1.00 million. In doing this, it will not need to raise fresh capital, therefore it would not create a huge risk of business failure.
Invest in research and development. The company could do research and development to bring new products to the market soon. It can also use this money to cover expenses such as salaries and marketing.
Make the company’s employees work longer hours. During the lean period, employees are not expected to work overtime hours, so cut down on the number of overtime hours worked. The company should also review its overtime policy.
Redesign the website, making it user friendly, attractive, and useful to customers.
Sell the company. If the company's future is uncertain, it's better to sell it in order to reduce debts while retaining the source of income.
Sell off assets. This option may sound crazy to others, but it will work. The company could sell a large asset- one that has significant value to its customers. This is a business decision that can be made after assessing the worth of the company today.
Reduce operational costs. It is possible to reduce operations expenses by closing small and infrequent branches. This could help the company get a stable clientele.
Take out a loan. The company management has to consider taking a strategic loan from another company. This way, the company can get a loan and invest in the business. This type of loan could be short or long term depending on the company’s need at that particular time.
Reduce the staff. Employees may not have enough savings, and could use it for other expenses. Another way out is for the business to merge with another firm.
Increase taxes. Raising taxes would help the company collect more taxes than it already expects.
Sell shares. After the company lays off a number of employees, it could sell the shares its management holds to another investor that doesn't mind using the money on new investments.
Hire a chief operating officer or a chief financial officer. These professionals could step in and lead the company until the company starts producing profits again.
Seek new investors or funding sources to support its business. Getting funding will help the company stay afloat until some suitable buyers show up.
Reduce or give up some investment projects. If the business has a profitable line of business that could help offset some of the costs.
Reduce staff training. Staff could be trimmed down temporarily to deal with the financial crunch.
Find a partner. If the company is forced into bankruptcy, it could still attempt to find a new company with similar business in order to continue operations.
Transfer to a smaller regional company. Once a company has fallen into financial difficulties, a takeover of the company by another company with a similar business with the same target clientele may be financially viable option.
Increase dividend yields. Dividends might not be the deciding factor of a company’s success or failure. However, they are a very good form of a ‘soft cost’ which can be used to support the company by increasing both its cash inflow and free capital. On the other hand, the extra capital available with a higher dividend rate can be used to improve the company’s overall efficiency, and can be reinvested in the business in the long term.
Sell or lease its machinery/equipment. The company could find a buyer who would be willing to buy the machinery at this time or at the soon-to-be-launched new product.
Hire additional workers temporarily. If the company feels they can work overtime at an increment of 20%, they may need to hire additional workers temporarily to balance out the cash loss they have suffered.
Invest in other business operations. There are many businesses that do not get traction due to lack of funding. The company could take the opportunity and invest in an alternative business that would get traction.
Take out an insurance policy against the company becoming bankrupt. It is a sound strategy, and one which can be used in conjunction with the previous three ideas.
Convert to a new business. This could come from selling its operations for a profit, or converting its assets, or by purchasing from a company which is struggling due to the same reasons.
Refinance the debt. A bank loan is a valuable tool in the cut-cost and reduction-in-services department. Bank loans usually carry a high interest rate, and after payment of the loan, the bank has to pay an interest to the original lender.
Sell off some of its assets. Some assets can be sold off immediately, for example, the company's land could probably be purchased by someone who will build a new business on the site with the land as collateral. The company needs to think about this type of sale carefully though.
Consolidate operations. The company could consolidate its operations with two or more companies, merging with the two or more companies.
Seek investment or equity funding. The company might as well seek funding first from partners or a bank. It can take a loan if a bank won’t or can’t offer the loan.
Redesign the website. The company should take an in-depth look into the website its clients and potential clientele have been using for a long spell for betterment of the website.
Take a non-equity stake in other companies. The company can invest in other ventures or acquire shares in companies which make profitable loans.
Refinance to a higher rate. A company that has paid off the loans could consider refinancing at a higher rate.This article was originally published in the New South Wales Catholic Education Weekly and it is reproduced with kind permission from the editor of the article. It was published in the New South Wales Catholic Education Weekly on February 1, 2016.
Consolidate accounts receivable and inventories. Consolidating accounts receivable and inventories in one system helps a lot, especially if it is done in the beginning of the year.
Cut costs for internal operations. For example, the company management could consider cutting the costs for food, and could also cut down on salaries of key personnel.
Take a cash advance. If all its cash flows come from selling its assets - which they usually do not, it will need cash in the bank for other purchases.
Take on lower liabilities. At this point, you can take out a few line of credit against income in anticipation of a better year in the future.
Sell assets or sell off other parts of the business. These types of decisions are made only when the board is fully confident that there is no future for the company, and that there is really no other course.
Reorganized the structure of the company. Some companies keep their operational processes separate from the product or service. Reorganizing the company could save money by using a single IT solution that could handle both operational and marketing functions that would also reduce the possibility of costly mistakes.
Don’t take a salary cut. It is better to try and attract new customers by having more work, rather than make cutbacks to lower your expenses.
Reduce overhead expenses. The company management should reduce overhead where possible. This will allow it to cut costs further.
Sell assets. The company could sell assets, which can be sold to the new buyers at a reasonable price and at which they will accept a lower rate of return.
Cut operating expenses. If the Company currently spends $1,000 for each customer who visits its website, then cut the number of customers to $500.
Change to another business. If your business is in dire need of funding this is the time to evaluate your financial status and consider which business would provide you with the financial security you need.
Create a reserve fund. The company could seek to create a reserve fund for possible future financial obligations, which it had not previously faced.
Pay off employees’ vacation and time-off wages. If workers have to be available for work, the company management should pay their wages directly to them or they can be paid at a higher hourly rate.
Get bank loans. The loan officer could be an individual, or could be the company bank. This is the time to look for an additional line of credit.
Use an external consultant. Outsourcing will help cut costs while keeping the core team intact, but the potential problems or risks may arise during the transition phase that may not immediately be visible. You should discuss the transition concerns with the consultant. (Note: Your external consultant should be an unbiased, honest and experienced professional who can help you reduce your costs.)
Consider outsourcing. Companies often choose technology as a cost-effective means of saving money. At a time when the US corporate tax rate has reached 33% and companies cannot afford to keep employee payroll as low as they could, it can turn out to be a better option than reducing budgets.
Reduce capital spending.
Re-organise departments/processes. This decision could be justified if the company's core competency is declining. Re-organisation process could also be used to save money and time.
Create a surplus line of credit for the company's current and future business expansion.
Create a reserve fund. The company would create a reserve fund to pay suppliers and take care of emergencies. Once this fund is replenished it will be used to pay its ongoing bills and it will then be available for projects. This would help in reducing costs.
Look for a strategic buyer. The current market for companies who have turned a profit can be unpredictable, and it can take six to twelve months before the potential buyers appear. If the company decides to sell at a reduced price, a strategic buyer who can help the company sell its products at a reduced price or even get a better terms can come into play. The potential buyers usually are a combination of private investors, local organizations, and high-technology companies who want to purchase at a reduced price due to
Make drastic cuts in salaries and benefits. If the company is not currently profitable, then salary and benefits should be cut. At the same time, they should not raise prices of the product too drastically and reduce product range instead. It is better to ask the employees to work harder for lower salaries and to make the same salaries as before as part of the regular pay package and at the same time get a raise on the salary for a better work environment.
Cut costs for employee welfare/benefits. If the company keeps the costs of employee welfare/benefits down, it will be able to slash the salaries of its existing employees.
Buy back inventory. The company can buy back a part of its products, if it doesn’t feel it has enough to offer to its clients
Transfer employees. If the company has the resources (people, money, and technology) to acquire an external company for the purpose of outsourcing, this would help the company to reduce its cost as a result.
Move some offices onto the web.
Change product lines. The company could temporarily stop selling certain services while evaluating new products.
Reduce staff. As the CEO begins to take over the company operations, his main job will be to monitor all the other employees regarding their skills and performance. If there are any employees who are capable of performing the job, he should bring them into the fold.
Delay repayment of a new line of credit. The company could delay paying back the loan until after the recession.
Review the company's sales forecasts. Based on the forecast the company now has in hand, the company management cannot be sure of where it stands now. Therefore, the board should reconsider the sales forecasts, and see if any growth areas need to be identified.
Give up the services. The company could decide to offer its services to free of cost. They could also offer the staff to find a temporary work under their contract with the company.
Seek out and take on a new supply contract. The company could look for a new supply contract to help it cut expenses, which can be done while the management is still holding on to its client base.
Redirect expenses. Some expenses will no longer need to be managed or paid for. For example, some services or products can be contracted out, or some operations could be automated or outsourced and the income would be used for expansion or improvement.
Sell company equipment. Sell some of the company's more valuable assets to reduce its overall debt position before asking for a bank loan.
Cut R&D spending. The company’s R&D spending can easily run into hundreds of millions, and cutting back on the spending by 10% will cut down the R&D costs by 10%.
Stop paying tax dues. The company could temporarily stop paying capital gains tax. The tax would be reduced, which will result in a lower tax bill.
Buy back inventory. To increase the company's overall profit margins, the management should purchase back inventory to reduce the inventory cost and increase its profit margins.
Cut taxes. Cut company tax for six years, thus giving the company's creditors a chance to buy back the company and sell it back to its core team in the event of bankruptcy.
Reduce expenses to offset costs. If possible, the company could invest in additional R&D and R&D research could be brought down to reasonable levels.
Find better management. Once the company realizes that it cannot stay afloat, it must find a way to become viable. The best course to take might be to increase the number of managers.
Cut staff below the level of what is required. The company could cut 20-30 full-time staff members at the same time, giving way for others to come in and help the company meet any emergencies that may arise.
Take out bank overdraft. The company could take out an overdraft on its existing bank accounts and have the overdraft removed after a certain amount of time.
Improve customer service. The company should review and improve its current customer service and follow up processes.
Sell stock. The financial head of the company could sell a large section (20-30%) of its stock holdings to raise money. After buying back in to the stock it would again be able to use the money to further restructure the company’s financial health.
Sell part of the company. In this case, the management wants to reduce the size of the company and keep the business in the market. This might not necessarily include selling the main line of production at a higher price, as the company could also choose to sell a lesser line of products from the factory.
Cut non-essential administrative expenses. Some expenses, such as those to run the HR department, can be completely eliminated without any impact on the company revenue.
Recycling money. By selling off unwanted or unneeded equipment, materials and goods, the company could save some of its cash, thus avoiding having to take a large hit in salary expenses.
Increase the size of the office. This would also help to keep the headcount low for a time. It would be a good exercise to evaluate the need for additional employees. You may need to make some minor changes in the company’s structure to make space available for additional employees.
Consolidate to save costs. The company could consolidate all its operations into a single unit, reducing inflow of potential new clients, and thus making it more possible to cut marketing costs.
Review its product and service offerings and look for opportunities to cut fees and/or lower costs.
Hire new employees. Paying employees less, and offering higher salaries, might be able to absorb an immediate cost of around $100,000.
Reduce expenses in the company’s business. Reducing expenses will save the company a lot of money.
Take a distribution cut. This can be a one on one sales cut or a group distribution cut across product lines. Whichever way, the company could minimize the losses from the loss of key customers and keep the company afloat.
Cut its profit margin.
Transfer customers to your new operations. If the company has a lot of customers, and most of them had left due to problems in the past few years, they should transfer these customers to the new branch.
Make a restructuring effort. The company could reduce its headcount by reducing the time it takes for paperwork, but in so doing reduces efficiency.
Short sales. Selling one or two of your company’s assets could lead to a significant increase in liquidity, as the buyer will need to pay little to no financing out because it has a good credit score.
Sell your company to a larger company. A sale could mean an influx of cash, but what if the buyer is not the one who originally put money into the company or if it's already run into a financial hole? If the buyer wants to keep running the company (like it ran in the first place during the startup - it has a good track record to the investors, so it's hard to imagine any of them would want to walk away from a company which is currently making money), then the
Reduce working capital. To reduce working capital, some cash needs to be transferred to the bank. In many cases, the transfer could include company assets like bank deposits. The company would use the cash to service its existing liabilities. After working out the amount, the company could use the funds to improve its marketing efforts.
Hire lawyers. A company lawyer could help in negotiating a better contract with the staff in return for some percentage of the company's sales.
Change the business model. It's been proved that a company running a sole trading model is less profitable than companies using multiple branches and multiple warehouses to supply multiple clients.
Cut salaries. The most obvious financial saving is to cut salaries drastically for the current year. This will allow the management to plan the budget while cutting the expenses in each department.
Sell other assets. Some companies have acquired another business over the years which has not performed as well as the company’s own business. If the company is selling the other business, it can try reducing the liabilities of the buyer of the business and save the company money.
Sell off non-profitable assets to reduce capital expenditure.
Reduce its overhead. After assessing whether it needs to reduce its overhead to survive for the next one or two years, the company could try to cut it to the minimum.
Reduce capital expenditure. The company needs capital to grow. It could invest in new systems.
Retire older workers. The company already has too many staff- too many employees and too many machines and the current workers no longer have all the skills it currently needs.
Improve product or service. This can be achieved by getting the products or services to be updated or improving its own products with the help of innovative or more affordable products.
Increase operational efficiencies. For instance, employees could be asked to reduce time spent in the office, with a reduced number of phone and meetings.
Sell assets. If the company is going to continue to float on its core clientele, it may have to sell assets to stay in business. Selling the company's office building, factory and other valuable properties would take care of some of the short term liabilities the company has.
Hire temporary workers to do work normally handled by the temporary staff.
Seek a tax benefit. There’s a lot to be said for using the tax code wisely. The company would be better off applying for a small business loan that reduces business tax rate and not a bigger loan that could give them a tax benefit.
Consolidate operations. If the business has many operations, it is wise to find a way to better co-ordinate operations to make more profitable use of the resources of each department. By taking the time to consolidate operations, the company will be able to achieve economies of scale.
Consider refinancing its current commercial building. The company’s need to cut costs may have forced it to reduce and close down operations at the current location as a way to free up cash to do this.
Stop using cash reserves. The company needs to cut its cash reserves to make it more self-sufficient. The company has a strong balance sheet and could use other means to secure cash to meet this situation.
Sell a large stake in the company. The company might find it difficult to sell its entire stock, but a good buy-out price could be reached.
Close down operations and invest in growth. This includes eliminating expenses that are not making money.
Purchase shares of the company. This would help provide cash to pay the short-term bills while allowing the company to retain its profits and control stake. A company which has no control over its assets cannot determine when and how it wishes to spend its profits for the short-term without the support of a buyer.
Reorganize the company’s inventory. This can help to maintain the company’s cost effective approach.
Look at cost cutting measures such as reducing overhead cost or increasing production speed. Reduce cost can be attained by increasing the operating margin or increasing the production speed by reducing the total capital outlays. The first one might not be a very viable option for small businesses which are dependent on an initial budget from the investors. But by increasing the sales and cost margin the company's cash flow will be stabilized and the total amount of the debt will not go beyond an acceptable level.
Cut expenses. The company could reduce its spending by 15-20% to bring in some more income. This will be temporary, but will lead to better financial situation and a higher retention rate of employees.
Seek funding for a major expansion. The new money would allow better performance, and could be used to cut down on the high marketing costs.
Get ready for a cash crunch. It may be wise to put some money aside for a possible cash crunch. The cash cushion will come out after the company makes a profit.
Consider selling products to local grocery stores (for re-sale or for free) in return for lower prices at the outlet store. If there are a lot of local companies wanting to be associated with this deal, it might prove profitable.
Recruit new people. New hires would ensure a constant increase in revenue and can also help to reduce costs further because they are less expensive to train. After all, one of the biggest issues in the recent recession that companies have been facing is that they could not get the people that they need, and therefore were forced to layoff everyone of them. This can be prevented by taking a new hire and giving it a contract with a limited amount of time for work, and another contract that stipulates that
Cut payroll and benefits.
Offer free stock and an opportunity to buy back shares at a better price. Since the company has to raise capital in the future, it could offer a share purchase program, where the investor could buy the company's stock at a discount.
Cut employee’s wages. In addition to reducing marketing, employees with less and high-paid jobs can’t expect to increase their gross income at the same pace as the high paid staff. With a pay check in hand, there is no point in keeping a high-paid worker, who was earning a lot of money, and reducing his workload.
Reduce salaries. Many times the costs of salaries are underestimated. This could result in the loss of hundreds of thousands of dollars. The company could look into outsourcing the salaries to save the money.
Restructure its management team. Cut some of the bloated and poorly performing management team(s), and hire a few more competent managers, which may cut annual profits by 25% or more. This will also reduce expenses and can result in a stable and even higher return on investment, which in turn can be used to purchase another company or build a new one, as described below.
Reduce advertising expenses. The company could reduce marketing expenses by 10X to 20X to reduce costs and increase profits as a result.
Cut expenses. The more you cut the expenses, the more money you will have to pay your creditors during the insolvency, the greater your chance of survival.
Buy back unitholders. The unitholders will then pay a dividend regularly until it reaches the desired level and all of them are redeemed.
Increase turnover rates. This is very cost-effective way to generate higher volumes of revenues. The company needs to ensure a high turnover rate to maintain its competitiveness. Turnover rates are influenced by various factors such as:
Lay off an employee. The company should look for ways of keeping employees by eliminating their jobs.
Make a voluntary layoff. Lay off all employees without being forced to do so. This is an optional procedure, as the company can later request for re-employment of affected employees.
Don’t give away valuable equipment and information, like computers, servers, and servers.
Turn to a partner. The company could ask a new business partner to increase its sales significantly while cutting costs at the same time.Inhibitor of DNA binding 1 (Id1) suppresses the effect of TGFβ on EMT-related gene expression.
Buy the company with a foreign buyer. This would enable the company to stay afloat in the present crisis and help the company avoid the worst.
Reduce expenses. With a smaller clientele and no new business, the company will no longer have to waste its expenses on advertising. It could cut expenses to boost profits.
Move to a different location. By relocating to a more convenient location, the employees would enjoy better wages, better living conditions, and will also have a better chance of rehiring.
Reduce debt. If any of the company's debt is long-term, then it will not get paid off in short periods. So, the company could consider reducing debt by issuing bonds, reducing debt with cash flow from operations, or entering a long term bond issue.
Exit the market. If the company is currently in a market that it wants to exit, then the first thing they can do is to sell the company to a new owner who will do it as a new entity for some amount of money and take the liabilities out of the equation.
Consolidate its operation. It would save on expenses while cutting down cost per employee and increase profit per employee.
Get rid of unproductive property. The business could decide to eliminate unproductive property which is out of its control. The company has limited financial resources, its business model will deteriorate with time and it needs to keep the existing assets and make use of a bank loan to get rid of unproductive assets and invest elsewhere.
Create a new position. Depending on the company’s current state, it could either take the current person’s place, or create a new position.
Consider restructuring the business. If one part of the business is under performing, restructuring could help the company achieve long term results.
Don’t expand too quickly with any given project. There are a number of ways to manage and cut costs and stay afloat for a reasonable period of time. This is a hard process but the company management can look at the business as a patient in the emergency room who needs to be given the proper care and attention.
Cut overhead. In most cases, cutting operating costs reduces expenses and creates cash flow.
Sell property. The company could sell off a few of its non-core assets (e.g. assets that are non-profitable). After the assets are sold, the company could either lease it out or, alternatively, sell it to another financial institution.
Sell assets. Selling assets can help a company to keep its costs down while enabling it to grow in business and survive. It can involve some painful decisions. However, if there are assets whose value in the market is high enough, then selling them is a good decision and can greatly contribute to the survival of the organization.
Start a new company. The company could continue to operate as usual but now employ new employees to the new company, which could be a new concept company.
Go into Chapter 11. This option entails filing for bankruptcy and working with all the creditors to avoid liquidation.
Create a savings goal. The company can use the savings to pay the bills in advance. The funds can then be used to repay the mortgage.
Recruit an outside consultant. This company management needs to be flexible enough to consider a new strategy which could eliminate the need for the company to take a large-scale layoff.# -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
Close unprofitable stores. This may be done by selling the assets (stores) to new owners, or by shutting down the unprofitable stores.
Use the time to improve its business strategy and to build a better brand.
Buy back shares. The stock market can sometimes be irrational, so buy back shares to buy out a share or two from the company’s shareholders. This is very common when a company is in trouble financially.
Buy new computers. The company can buy more computers and laptops to cut down on overhead and also save on space as the current laptops are occupying valuable floor space and the laptop department cannot be eliminated without significant loss in productivity.
Invest in new technologies/products. The company should consider investing in new technologies that would make existing businesses much more productive. Newer technologies can also reduce costs associated with the company.
Invest in marketing. If the company is struggling to find a new direction with its marketing efforts, it should invest in some new marketing systems and strategies.
Sell parts of the asset. Any asset the company has can be sold in order to reduce the company’s liabilities, and reduce the amount of debt it must service.
Sell land and assets. Although the company will incur huge selling price on any land and assets sold by it, this will help it pay back all its liabilities in the course of time.
Sell off some real estate and equipment. This will allow the company to cut out the debt and allow it to pay the debt in an orderly manner.
Transfer key functions to the lower level of the organization. This will help in reducing complexity of the organization, and reduce costs with little effort.
Look for a job in another company where the pay is good.
Start a new line of business. This will help the company to acquire more contracts than it can possibly support.
Take some non-perishable goods for the office. By giving the office employees some time off, the company can reduce the demand for goods from the customers.
Sell the company. After having reviewed all of these possibilities, the company management would make a final choice. They would decide either to stay afloat with the present clients/customers, or to go out of business permanently.
Sell off assets. A company can’t avoid selling and re-evaluating its assets if it doesn’t have any. The company could sell the company-owned buildings and equipment at a discount, and use the proceeds to pay off some of the other creditors.
Recruit new employees. If the company has sufficient cash on hand to cover wages and payroll for a few months, it could consider taking on permanent employees. This could help the company to maintain business operations while the company gets its finances under control.
Use the loan immediately to offset its short-term expenses, but make payments over a certain period of time in installments.
Sell assets. The company management usually thinks that the company is on solid ground, so that selling its current assets is not necessary. However, if the company cannot sell all of its assets to generate additional funds, it should seriously analyze the value of the company and its assets to maximize the value of the assets which can be sold and its proceeds.
Cut production costs. While this might seem too good to be true, this would allow the company to meet its short-term financial goals while at the same time allow the company to save money on the long term.
Redirect the income to finance the line of credit. This could reduce the need to cut marketing expenses.
Cut the cost of services, such as advertising or web development.
Invest in IT upgrades. For many small companies, this move is impossible. However, as any IT company knows, a small IT upgrade in an IT system is no longer a small upgrade when the system is used by hundreds of customers.
Pay down your debt. You may be in great financial shape, but you cannot cover each debt. For example, if you have a car loan and owe $10000 and you can cover your car, your bank account should be empty before you ask to borrow. The same is true if you owe $10000 of credit cards. You should pay as much of the remaining debts as you can, but avoid overshooting by getting caught in a cycle of debt.
Consider a corporate buyout. If the company can afford the buyout fee, it can be a good idea to consider a buyout.
Reduce the number of branches. The company could consider reducing the number of branches and offices, saving more than $3,000,000 each year.
Retire some people. It is worth looking at ways to replace some of the employees. This would involve the company getting rid of some personnel who are nearing retirement age.
Layoff employees. The company could consider reducing the workforce temporarily by 20-30%, keeping the core team and main operations personnel.
Sell properties. The company could sell off some of its valuable properties, such as a warehouse, office buildings or industrial equipment.A new report from the National Center for Education Statistics shows that over the past 10 years, students in grades 6-12 have moved away from science and math (STEM) learning to focusing on arts and humanities.
Improve working capital. Cut interest payments on current accounts.
Invest aggressively in a low cost of capital funds (preferably low cost of capital funds with long term borrowing). This allows cash generation from savings to support the current and expected growth of the business.
Cut salaries and other costs. Management could consider taking a temporary salary cut or salary freeze to help to reduce costs.
Get a better job. One of the simplest ways to cut costs and save money is to change jobs. For many of you, this is a great idea, but many managers at your company have asked me if I can give you a specific job opportunity to make your way in the company. Let me know if the job is really a good fit for you and, once your application is approved, I'll take action.
Change the business model. The company could consider selling its current business to a rival company for less than its current market value. The buyer would have to cut down on its operations temporarily, in return taking a lower price per share than what the company paid for in the earlier agreement.
Get rid of non-essential staff. The company could reduce the employee headcount during periods when the business is generating a huge amount of funds, and when it is looking to expand into a new region or market segment.
Improve customer service. This could take several different forms, one of which is building stronger relationships with potential clients, rather than making phone calls and receiving poor service.
Take advantage of tax benefits by selling some of its real estate and making cash for growth.
Sell some assets. Selling some assets will provide some immediate benefits but may result in lower earnings in the near term.
Start selling products or services. The company can sell its own products or services directly to its clients. This reduces the dependency on product sales and service contracts with third party vendors.
Buy equipment for future uses.
Reduce expenses. This usually requires a bit of judgment, as no company wants to reduce profits too much.
Purchase assets. Assets are used to generate income and to stay afloat. Since the company is already short or on the verge of short, it is a relatively good idea to buy it. The asset could be an office building, a factory, or an equipment.
Sell assets. Selling the company’s assets could help the company to stay afloat. This is especially applicable for those companies which are highly leveraged.
Get a higher credit rating. You need to obtain a higher company credit rating in order to be approved on a loan.
Sell the company. Because of a potential lawsuit from the prior owners or current owners, this is not a good choice.
Invest in technology. An important consideration is whether it is now possible to replace old software and hardware which has become very burdensome.
Consider selling some of its assets. If it is a big company with many assets, it may be possible to sell/let others take over its operations, or sell some of its assets to a larger company.
Cut salaries and bonus programs. This will help the company to avoid a credit down, and make it easier to absorb salary cuts and cost-cutting measures in the future.
Consolidate with competitors. The company could buy a competitor and consolidate operations at a lower operating cost.
Buy real estate to rent the empty space. This could help the company stay afloat.
Consider raising capital. The most efficient way to cut costs is to raise new capital. This may include:
Reduce inventory. There are a lot of businesses who keep inventory of products, services and supplies longer than they need. Reducing stock would help cut costs.
Seek external finance. A company could consider a business loan from an experienced finance firm, particularly if it needs to operate for a longer time period.
Consider selling assets. A bad economy makes it more difficult to sell company equipment, as well as making the company to focus only on building new products or improving current ones which are profitable.
Reduce wages and benefits. The company could reduce its employee’s wages and salaries by 10-20%.
Consolidate operations. This is the last and most expensive way to reduce costs. Consolidation could mean selling off part of the company. However, this could help the company retain a core competency and retain its core service offering, and also reduce future costs, as the company can access the funds it needs to keep its doors wide open.
Convert your assets into cash or liquidate them. The first step in going to cash is to sell the company’s assets. Once a company has sold everything it owns, it is possible to put the money in the bank to make a new company in a few days.
Rethink its business model. With many branches and high staff turnover, the company may be in dire need of a central distribution center and logistics unit. Since people would be out of work, the loan could provide the funds needed to improve the logistics model.
Sell assets and liabilities. At the end of two years of operations, most of the fixed assets the company owns will be sold to an investment company to make way for the sale of the company’s liabilities. The sale of liabilities to an investment company will make the company break-even with the creditors.
Sell properties to keep afloat. One of the most interesting ways to save will be to sell properties to fund operations. After the sale, the company will be able to reduce the number of active employees by a few percent. While the company can’t go bankrupt, it can survive on less revenue while continuing operations.
Close down some operations temporarily. Even though the company runs at a high profit margin in the short term, it needs to keep costs low by closing down some operations.
Sell assets. By selling some of its assets, the company could cut current expenses and get a big profit in the future.
Hire consultants and advisors. The company could invest in new technologies, hire consultants and take a risk on a new business if it is a good one.
Lay off office workers. This may be an expensive option if the position has low wages, but in the long run it may be cheaper than cutting existing employees.
Recruit less people and retain more. An obvious way to cut down on costs, but it wouldn’t be as easy as just laying people off. The best way to go is by bringing new people in so that the company can increase its volume and bring in more clients, thereby increasing its profits.
Find a new source of income. The company’s regular clientele could become an alternative source of income – selling merchandise to a new line of customers, for example, or turning to services which the company used to offer to its regular customer base.
Take an equity stake. The company could invest its liquid assets, such as accounts receivable and inventories, in a stock exchange listing, or sell them to an early taker. While this will reduce the company’s equity interest and limit liquidity, it is an investment in the long-term and it will protect the company.
Sell assets. The company might consider selling off certain assets to pay down its liabilities.
Retire the older employees. After assessing the liabilities it already has, the company could retire older employees or terminate jobs.
Close down the company and let it float.
Look for opportunities for future growth. The company could explore outsourcing of some of the tasks such as data entry and admin.
Take on non-profit organizations. This option would ensure that the company’s charitable missions are sustainable over the long term.
Use discount coupons. The company management can use discount coupons to sell the company’s products to other companies, while cutting down the cost of marketing and advertising the company’s products/services
Restructure/merge with other firms. Another way the company could look at survival is to close down and merge with other firms. A merger would allow it to benefit from tax benefits and share gains, while a restructuring would help it save some money in the immediate term while the company floats on its core clientele.
Outsource some of its operations. For example, do the payroll and order collection for the company and let the outsourced company handle the accounts payable function - the company could pay the outsourced company directly based on the payment schedule specified by the company. This step would reduce the company’s liabilities.
Invest in other activities. The company should try to invest as much capital as possible, in order to remain relevant in today's competitive market. The company could get some capital from either family or friends, but most likely, it would seek loans from banks if it doesn't have any other assets.
Sell assets such as equipment, receivables and even store inventory. Such a sale would also help the company pay off its creditors, increase the business’’ flexibility and reduce the overall level of liabilities.
Go self-employment. The company could seek outside help by launching an IPO or an affiliate program.
Sell off assets to generate extra working capital. The company could sell off its valuable assets, in exchange for cash.
Close the company bank accounts, accounts payable and revenue collections. This would allow the company to continue paying its bills and stay in contact with its clients even if the account has bounced.
Find another client. If the company sees no viable business elsewhere it can then get out of its current account. All it requires is patience for the company to find another account which suits its needs.
Reduce employee benefits. Employee benefits may not always have to be paid on time.
Cut its current contracts with vendors. A company can be forced to do so if the amount of work that has been rendered by a vendor is not to be honored.
Change its business strategy. The company could reduce its advertising expenditures by 10% and focus its efforts on strengthening relationships with key partners.
Sell off properties. This would help the company to move out of premises which it may not use on a regular basis (if it were left empty during downturns of the economy) or which might take up very little space in the short run.
Eliminate unnecessary services and personnel. Removing redundant service personnel and services can save cost significantly – it is estimated a small company spends over 7% annually on employee salaries.
Cut costs by improving efficiencies. In the short run it will be more economical to buy back underutilized assets instead of disposing items.
Hire temporary workers. The company is in financial stress, which means it needs to make the most of the money and the resources available in order to stay in business. The company could get hired temporary employees to fill the gap created by lay-offs, and to help it complete the project on time. These workers would also bring in a lot of experience to the company.
Consider restructuring. With restructuring, the company could cut operating costs. It might be able to cut operating costs by up to 70% while still charging the same quality of customer service and retaining the same level of employee engagement. Restructuring includes selling or merging the company.
Cut benefits from pension funds and other social safety nets.
Change your products. If a product doesn't work as well as you thought, switch to a better product.
Consider voluntary buy outs. A voluntary buy out is a one time expense in which the owners are asked to pay up their severance pay before employees can be laid off permanently. The cost of buy outs is that it delays employees getting severance pay for as long as it takes for a company to lay them off.
Transfer to overseas subsidiary. If possible, the parent company should transfer operations to an overseas subsidiary where it can remain fully solvent but without any large expenses like a foreign office.
Eliminate non-core operations. A company with too many non-core operations needs to be eliminated. Also, some of the non-core operations could be outsourced to other private companies for some of their core business.
Buyout its parent company. The company can purchase the parent company for a fair amount – say 4-6 times the current value.
Cut salaries or lower wages, with a proviso that the employees remain with the company.
Invest for the future. After analyzing investment and development plans for the near future, one should invest for the future as far as possible because any company without a strong source of income is likely to cease to exist when that line of credit runs out.The present invention relates to an automatic transmission using an electronic control apparatus which controls a plurality of planetary gear mechanisms to provide a plurality of speed-change stages as well as a hydraulic automatic transmission using the same apparatus.
Eliminate its liabilities. The company could eliminate any outstanding liabilities as an investment in growth.
Close a branch. Cloning the branch is very risky and expensive. It will reduce its sales volume and decrease its profits. The branch could be shut down gradually over a period of time.
Get a bigger share of ownership. By buying more shares from a company or individuals in the company, the company would be able to keep costs down, as well as increase its ownership.
Sell the company. If at all possible, the main goal of closing down, is to sell the company so that it can get to the funds it needs to start all over.
Take out a second mortgage. Another alternative would be to take out a third mortgage from a bank at a rate of, say, 10% of the value of the company.
Start a new business. The company could be more successful if it began a new business.The effects of in vivo interferon-alpha treatment on the replication of recombinant adenovirus type 2 expressing murine interleukin-2.
Pay employees in a salary-only mode. If the company does not have any excess capital or it does not need to raise money to fulfill its daily operations, the company could consider paying its employees in cash.
Layoff people who are not necessary to the main operations. Layoffs will help the company find more efficient ways of running its business.
Layoff more staff temporarily or take them on indefinite sick leave.
Cut back on non-essential spending. If you’re spending hundreds of $ on personal expenses, you know your organization is running cash-lows. You need to get back to a business-like pace with fewer expenses in order to maximize your efficiency and profits.
Reduce capital expenditures. This could mean increasing the capital budget by 10-30%. The company would be able to invest in research and development, new systems or training.
Start a new business. After all expenses are paid off, the company could start another venture.
Cut back on unnecessary technology purchases. Once the company is healthy, it should focus on more important areas like marketing, sales, and even HR.
Cut salaries which are not necessary. For instance, some senior managers and managers, who have been working here for many years, should be considered to be part of the company and make them eligible for severance payment as they are on the verge of retirement.
Eliminate employee stock ownership plans. This strategy would work only for a small period of time while the company gets back on track.
Don’t take the easy money. The company may take a large lump of cash for working capital and expenses, which would force the management to choose between paying current expenses and paying other liabilities.
Pay down debt. Once the company has become more stable, the need to reduce debt becomes urgent to help get credit. This can be done by requesting a temporary extension of the loan.
Sell assets. If the company could sell a few of its assets to reduce its debts, this would be a significant step towards restructuring.
Sell assets/business licenses. To finance this, it could sell its business licenses with various products that the company produces. This will force the company to cut its expenses, thus reducing its overall expenses.
Reduce the overhead costs of the company to reduce working capital and working relationships.
Get an investment loan. The company can ask for an investment loan which can allow it to buy machinery and buy-out existing investors.
Sell it at a loss. The company could consider selling its current assets for a small fee to investors who are prepared to put up the funds to buy the company off-the-balance sheet if the need arises. If there is a market for the company, it is a win-win situation. Investors can get a good return on their money (if it is invested in their company) and the company can remain in business for the foreseeable future while investors are assured of a decent return on their original
Give employees the option to take early retirement.
Consolidate with another company. If there are synergies within a company, it could merge and save costs.
Give up debt relief benefits. Many workers take out loans for vacation, mortgage and home and car payments. While these payments might eventually be made, by now the company should realize that this money is better spent on other, more immediately important matters.
Lay off temporary employees. If it is doing good business, it may choose to lay off a handful of employees every quarter. If it needs to go into bankruptcy, it would not stop such actions.
Give up on other venture projects. The company had made a good start and the investors want to see the profits growing before they jump in and put the company under debt again. Taking on other business ventures will cost the company plenty of time and money, as well as potentially diluting their chances of being acquired by another company.
Get rid of bad debtors. This could be done in two ways. First, the company could hire professional lawyers to represent the former partners in court cases against the company. This would bring in a huge amount of cash and would eliminate an unnecessary strain on the company’s credit and its ability to go along with the courts’ demands. The process would take a long time to resolve and at the end the company would not have to pay more than the court asked. The second option would
Start a business as a hobby/side project. This may not be a viable long-term option but could get the company in a good position to start up a new business.
Cut the perks or staff benefits to reduce costs. Some staff members deserve it, others do not.
Close down other non-essential services. Companies may opt to close down an operation that cannot be replicated, or which cannot offer enough of a return.
Pay down debt. By cutting costs the company will hopefully be able to stop paying out as much debt as possible, so it can survive.
Reduce payroll costs. The reduced payroll fees will help the company minimize expenses while offering incentives like bonuses to its employees and retirees.
Reduce salaries of its top employees. Once the company can afford to eliminate or reduce the salaries of its leaders, it will be able to invest more in the company to achieve profitability.
Consider acquiring and integrating a third party firm. This option provides the company with the advantage of a quick acquisition and the possibility of integrating the company into an existing entity.
Sell property used in your business. Your property could be rented out or used by an agent for additional income.
Buy out the old investors. This is a last resort, since it means shutting down entire company, but if it is used judiciously it could help in making the company sustainable.
Create a contingency fund. This fund should be managed by the financial department, and should be used to provide short-term funding (at least two weeks) if no additional borrowing or infusion of cash becomes available.
Sell a company asset. An asset sale would likely be the most sustainable and low risk, but would require a lot of careful planning and planning skills to pull off. A company could, for example, sell the old company car.
Reduce operating expenses. It may be advisable to cut operating expenses by 10-20%.
Move overseas. The company could explore alternatives to its operations, and reduce expenses further by moving some of its operations overseas.
Buy a property. Depending upon the amount of business coming in, the company may consider acquiring additional land and building another facility to rent. Either way, the company would have to hire a professional to take care of such an endeavor.
Hire temporary replacements. If the main operations team gets cut because of a business emergency, the company can hire temporary engineers to handle the rest of the work.
Give up some assets. The company could try to divest itself of some assets such as a manufacturing company it already acquired or that might become less profitable in a few years due to inflation.
Change the marketing strategy. When a company's sales are falling, it's time to re-evaluate its marketing strategy.
Review its investments. The company might be thinking of selling its real estate or getting rid of its equipment. By reducing its expenses, the company would be able to make the sales. Also, by reallocating investments, it would improve its profit margins and stay afloat longer.
Sell its valuable assets. The company could sell its current assets and obtain cash from the proceeds of this sale. Or it could borrow money on the property to get cash, making it more valuable than the current assets.
Cut staff. With the staff cuts, the management could raise more revenue by increasing the number of new clients.
Cut marketing expenses:
Cut expenses. Any expenses in excess of the required amount should be eliminated.
Consider using a debt relief company. The company could get a debt relief company to come in and assist it in refinancing its debt.
Use of new equipment. If the company is in a need to enhance its service and efficiency, it can use new or updated equipment and tools.
Increase pension limits. The company should also consider looking at increasing the limits of individual employees’ pension schemes. Doing so will reduce the company’s liabilities and increase its financial position.
Raise capital from friends, family and investors. With high chances of the company doing well, this is the safest of options.
Buy a small, cheap facility. If the company’s growth is slow, it could buy a facility where it could run its main operations.
Use the cash reserve to invest. This means that the company would put the cash reserve into its business. Investing in the business means taking on risk, which is in itself a good thing and which would make a company grow.
Go out of business. If possible, take a company name and rebrand. This would give back an image and marketability to the business.
Reorganize the team of operations personnel. When the company has no further need for certain areas of operations, it could consider retraining or the layoff of personnel who are responsible for these areas; this would also help reduce the staff costs related to operational management.
Increase employee benefits contribution. The employee benefits contribution should increase gradually so as to compensate for the reduction in salaries and/or salaries and benefits in the near future.
Sell the company to another company. In many cases, one can sell a company to a competitor for a fraction of a profit. However, when doing so, the company needs to ensure that the selling company has an acceptable business plan and can provide reasonable compensation for the sale price.
Cut expenses. If the company needs to reduce its expenses without cutting a salary, it can look for ways to reduce the costs of operations and thus reduce the expenses for its monthly salary.
Reduce employees compensation. If this comes to the rescue, the company could increase compensation for those employed directly by the company, and pay other employees in other businesses.
Reduce the salary of a top executive. This is necessary if the company has to keep existing clients for whom it has become expensive to serve.
Get rid of sub-contractors. These are costly additions to the company’s payroll and overhead which makes the company look ‘good enough’ to get a contract from any large company considering that the person who is contracted is not capable of meeting the required level of output. The company can then hire extra staff to do the sub-contracting so that the regular workforce is left with the ‘less bad’ work.
Pay off existing debt. Debtors should be approached for debt consolidation. The company managing it could ask for lower monthly payments, as the remaining debt could be reduced by 75% or more.
Redeploy surplus resources. Sometimes, a company needs to outsource certain tasks it does not like to undertake or cannot afford to do anymore. This will help the company avoid long-term expenses.Q:
Restructure debt. The company could restructure its debt, either making it an owned subsidiary or a part of the parent company, or by taking out a new loan to cover uncollectible debt. The latter option is very risky as the whole company could be liable for the outstanding debt at any time.
Consider transferring business to a better-financed counterpart with better credit. Some other company downsizing, for example, of a chain of fast-food restaurants, is not allowed today because of anti-competitive practices.
Sell off assets. Some companies would consider selling off non-core assets or the company’s valuable intellectual property.
Increase working capital debtors. Lending on time accounts is usually a great way for a company to improve its financial position.
Transfer work from abroad. The company may have a choice between having to pay the wages bill in the U.S. or in other countries. If the country isn’t in their main client’s line of business, they may consider outsourcing the work to reduce expenses to retain their existing markets and build their client base with new ones.
Close offices. Closure of the company’s headquarters or the branch office and lay off employees are the best ways to reduce costs.
Close out the old debt, or take a more favorable debt restructuring.
Take on a new venture. Taking on a new business can generate capital, reduce costs, open new possibilities, and help the company to avoid the financial crises which would otherwise ensue from a cut in revenue.
Sell the company. If the core operation of the company can be eliminated without much loss in the short- to medium-terms while the company starts with a clean slate, the company can sell itself to the potential buyer. As a consequence, the buyer would become the controlling partner of the company with a majority shareholding. By selling the key assets, they would realize a profit.
Sell or close its stores. A major company such as Disney, whose core business is amusement parks, has always believed in maintaining its stores, however, the need has changed to the point that the company was forced to close its amusement parks in the US because its parent company decided that the parks were no longer profitable. Similarly, another major company was forced to close a majority of its operations in South Korea due to the Korean economic crisis.
Rethink its business strategy. The new business loan could be a way to get cash flow for future expansion needs.
Create another product. This is a common technique among small businesses to avoid paying taxes year end. However, some companies use this technique to try and avoid paying capital gains taxes on items.
Improve cash flow. With a good cash flow, the company could consider taking some of the additional funds to pay back the loan earlier. Once the funding is in place, the company could consider paying itself some of the loans it has taken out in the past.
Sell assets. The company has a lot of assets that could be sold to raise funds.
Cut salaries. Employee costs could be cut using some part of a severance package.
Refinancing existing debt. The company may want to refinance debt which represents less than 10% of current liabilities. This would allow the company to stay operational for a longer time while also reducing its annual interest cost and the rate paid on the loan.
Consolidate the company’s business. After determining that the company lacks the financial muscle to hold on to its business, the company management can look for ways to reduce its expenses. The business should decide whether to lay off employees, cut marketing budgets or reduce its current line of credit.Q:
Reduce the number of office staff.
Get a new website. A website is something your company management has at its disposal to advertise their products. This will save on costs incurred through advertising. It also helps you to advertise your product and stay up to date on your market.
Make strategic plans. Sometimes, company management could take initiatives such as consolidating departments, selling businesses or opening new ones. Sometimes one department needs to close down for the good of the company. This might help the company save money but might be an opportunity waiting to be grabbed by the wrong kind of person.
Reduce non-essential expenses. If the company currently has a long-term clientele, then all marketing expenses the company had in its inception will have to be maintained.
Seek government assistance! The Federal and Provincial governments may grant government assistance if you are in financial distress. For specific details on how to proceed on a case to case basis, refer to “Government Aid and Guarantees for Businesses” from the Ministry of Business, Tourism and Innovation. It has details on how to apply for a business loan.
Reduce staff or retire. This would take some careful planning as a lot depends on why the company is in financial stress and which part in its lifecycle the company is currently in. A company’s financial plan will decide how to go about this, but you wouldn’t want to risk being in a cash crunch when you are out of growth mode.
Consider selling assets. A business may consider selling assets to gain cash from the sale.
Outsource the work. Companies that go this route are likely to achieve an immediate success in terms of revenues. However, such a strategy can also end in failure. The right employees are usually crucial to the success of such projects, but if they are lacking, they are a headache to outsource.
Buyout its stock. Even if the company would have to invest a significant chunk on buying out its stock, the company could borrow the capital to purchase the stock and keep the investment cost minimized.
Keep a tight leash on the new management. The new management will get into trouble if they start acting as if they are running the company for themselves.
Layoff managers. With the company’s core team still intact, and management able to keep control over the company’s direction, management may consider laying off part of its management team, and reducing the size of the office below the level of 10 employees.
Sell the company or keep it in house. Depending on various criteria, the company can either exit the business and return to the owner, or it can sell it and retain the original owners.
Offer a buyout package. An offer to buy the company could be an option to keep the core team afloat.
Invest in marketing. Through new business activities, the company will expand and generate more revenue.
Sell assets. The company is in need of liquidity. Selling off assets will help to reduce liabilities and can help the company to stay afloat a certain time, or at a high rate of interest.
Consider moving to a foreign country. The company could start a foreign operations depending on the country's cost competitiveness.
Cut the number of employees. It could be done by reducing the number of staff members by 50-80% while keeping the key personnel for key projects.
Pay cash. In some cases the company could pay for all its debts and start afresh with minimum finance. However, the company would probably have to keep the debtors in place for a while, in case the debtor company might not be able to pay.
Close one or more stores. This will save the company money in the short term if it closes stores for certain time periods in order to consolidate. It could also close stores permanently as its stores are not the main source of income.
Buy back stock. Stock will lose a lot of value because the company is now flush with cash. After a short-term period, it may be worth more than even cash.
Change focus to one product or service. In order to maintain its market share over a long period of time, the company might need to focus on one product or service, e.g. car service. In addition to taking a major cut in marketing costs, it also means shifting its management efforts to one single product, while maintaining the core operations and staff.
Cut expenses. The company could consider cutting its office costs by keeping one or two vacant seats and keeping other employees on salary.
Seek professional help. If they do not have the expertise to handle things as they are, a company should seriously consider hiring a Business consultant to help manage operations.
Cut expenses and cut salaries. When a company is struggling to stay afloat, cutting expenses and salaries can help it pay down debt. There are other expenses in the business, such as payroll, office expenses, advertising, etc. That can also be cut.
Seek a line of credit. The company could seek an out-of-court settlement for the company debts and still keep the core operations unaffected.I am really interested in how the different types of cars are going to be made and how it affects their cost. How does a car like the Bugatti Veyron compete with something like a Ford Focus, or how is the Mustang affected?
Exit. If the company sells or closes, the management should consider selling everything as a going concern with 100% equity. This way they will take much smaller capital losses during the lifetime of the company.
Sell assets. If the company is not yet profitable, it can sell off its assets which can help save it from bankruptcy.
Cut salaries. Even when the company is in the process of expanding, its employees, especially the key positions in the company, may benefit more by reducing their spending.
Sell stock. The company owners may consider selling the company's stock after all and this will create good liquidity within the company. The decision would be based upon a decision regarding the company's strategy to achieve growth.
Consider a special tax deduction or an advance on salary under Section 80C of the Income tax Act, 1961.
Go private. The management can start with a series of share buy-backs and private equity investments. The cost would be small compared to the company’s debt and other liabilities. This would help the company reduce debt while keeping its core operations operations as it is.
Turn down new business opportunities. The company management should consider taking in all financial commitments that can be afforded, without adding up with a certain percentage profit per sale.
Consolidate with similar companies. Having the same core company functions in several businesses will help to keep costs to that particular business constant. In the long run, the business could possibly grow faster if it is joined with a number of other similar companies.
Use a third-party distributor: In some cases, cutting costs without loss of quality can involve making changes to the existing distribution channel (for instance, the distribution agency). In this case, it is necessary to consult with the agency head to assess the feasibility of the change. It's a good idea to make such consultations at the same time as a reduction of marketing costs.
Reduce debt. As a lender to a company, the Bank would want to know that the company is in good financial shape. After that they will agree to a short-term debt moratorium or a lower interest rate on the existing debt.
Cut staff. The company managers could lay off 20-30% of their staff, freeing them up to work on other projects in the company.
Use a credit card. It is also a good idea if the company is able to do such a thing. The cost of credit card, in addition to making the company visible and visible to the credit card issuers, also helps the company to remain viable in the long run.
Use employee stock options to maximize benefits. With stock options there is not a limit to the amount that can be earned. In addition, employee stock options can reduce the amount of tax that might be withheld from employee paychecks in the future.
Restructure its operations. This would involve a series of measures to reorganize and streamline its business as well as its financial activities.
Reduce its fixed expenses. The company may have to reduce its fixed expenses to reduce liabilities; these expenses include, but are not limited to, rent, electricity, salaries, and the cost of providing products and services.
Get new management. If the company cannot be saved by reducing its financial expenses, another company that needs the same services could be acquired. A sale would also give the company its long lost clients and the opportunity to recruit new ones.
Reduce the workforce. The company could consider cutting 25-30% of its staff and maintaining the rest as they get new jobs. It could continue to use the rest for maintaining the company.
Buy a company in a better economic climate. Often, the best time to buy the company is when you’d otherwise lose money. However, due to the fluctuation of the economy, one should always do due diligence before making such a big decision.
Sell off its inventory. Sometimes inventory is a problem that a company wants to get rid off. So, let the company sell its products to customers who can pay for them.
Change management. After the company’s cash flow problems, changes in management need to be done.
Cut back on services. If the company’s current sales and profit is not sufficient, perhaps the company could look for a better supplier.
Find another employer. When a company gets into serious financial trouble, there is an excellent chance that another company would hire it to fill a critical gap.
Buy low and sell high. This is a tough choice for a company that needs to cut costs, but if the company’s current sales are down 20% or 30%, you may want to buy inventory that is still selling.
Sell out and restructure. This could require a huge write-off of the outstanding equity.
Consolidate departments. This might make a bit of a shock to the organization, but many companies do this to reduce costs in various ways. For instance, one company which had a number of departments like the HR function, IT and accounting combined, decided to merge the HR function to one which had its own structure and benefits. The company had always wanted to buy more computers to save money, but also wanted to retain its people, so it did the same merger. It saved $1m during the
Delay payroll. The company could delay payroll as long as it takes to pay off the loan.
Start selling other assets. After assessing the current assets this could be one of the best moves for the company. However, this is not an advisable option if one of its main assets like a manufacturing facility is vital for the survival of the company.
Sell or lease equipment. If there is no longer interest in acquiring new equipment, this would help the company secure more affordable equipment.
Re-negotiate the contract with the vendor. A renegotiation which may increase the vendor's margins can save the company money and bring new revenues into the enterprise.
Look for new clients. As mentioned previously, cutting marketing costs will reduce inflow of new clients, but will save money in the short term while the business continues a slow drift to oblivion.
Stop doing certain activities which are not productive. The company management should stop spending excessive money in marketing, advertising, research & development, distribution etc. and concentrate on its core activities. For example, stopping advertising campaigns at the same time, eliminating promotion for certain products, dropping certain products/services from the company’s clientele. All these decisions would help the company manage its expenses.
Eliminate inventory. The company could cut inventory significantly to keep in-house processing of orders, while it is also possible to sell the inventory and generate additional revenue for the company.
Sell assets. The company could consider an asset sale to make it free at that point; this would be a time-consuming process, as the assets would need to be physically inspected and appraised by a professional. However, if the company could find an eager buyer who was not too concerned with the future of the company, they could probably save themselves a lot of trouble and expense.
Increase cash flow through cash management. The company could improve cash flow by increasing its cash reserves and making better use of its assets.
Stop investing in new business ventures. The company could cease new investments within the company and instead invest in new markets with lower risk.
Cut the executive travel budget by 50%. This will help the overall morale and morale of the employees, thus creating more productivity.
Reduce working hours. The reduced working hours will help the company save money without losing quality.
Cut costs with technology. Using technology would increase the production by 50%.
Buy a new product/service. This can be a risky move as the company could potentially be overwhelmed by a new product that could revolutionize its business.
Stop selling products. It is normal to sell products to get cash flow going so that the company can survive for a definite period of time.
Use part of the company's working capital to buy stock in a company which would offer a better rate of return.
Pay employees lower wages. If the company is cash-flow positive, cutting wages can significantly reduce overhead costs by cutting non-compensated employees and employees’ cost of doing business.
Redirect investment. When an increase in earnings is foreseen, some of it could then be directed to the expenses needed to run the company, keeping the core team and operations intact.
Make the company cash flow positive. The management knows the company is suffering a severe cash crunch. The company could ask the bank to provide the necessary capital to the company to stay afloat.
Consider selling its assets. If the company were to completely shut down, then selling its assets would allow it to be taken over by its current creditors and would allow it to stay afloat for a while.
Sell the company. The company can list the company in a public offering, or a private sale, and take advantage of this as a way out. If the company does not work out, then it can be sold with all rights to the employees/shareholders or simply liquidated.
Eliminate products it doesn’t produce.
Cut salaries by 25-50%. Employees could work during their vacation time. In addition, they could take some of their vacation days or days off during the year to get more rest when they’re not employed.
Sell off products or services. Having a core team of people dedicated to just doing the work of the company may cut short its future growth. The company could even consider doing this over a number of years.
Reorganize the business. The company could reorganize itself through the acquisition of another business.
Refund current clients. The company could refund current clients who were either misinformed or misdirected by the company.
Use tax-free cash. The company could take cash advances and/or loan from tax-free savings or personal accounts.
Lay off employees. The company could start the lay-off process of employees who are on salary. Employees who have been contributing money towards the company would likely bear the brunt of lay-off with unemployment.
Close its unprofitable products. The company could choose to limit its offerings in its current market to products that deliver quality and value.
Start up a new subsidiary.
Cut staff or subcontractors. The company should either reduce the workforce by 20-30%, or lay off employees temporarily. Cutting the workforce will save money and time in the near term, but the company needs to ensure that the new employees are properly trained and qualified.
Buy an asset(s). The company has a lot of assets (a few thousand computers for starters) which it hasn´t been using for a long time, and may be time to find the good uses for the money.
Cut management in-house. The company should find someone else to manage the day-to-day operations, so as to eliminate the possibility of the company being completely run down.
Use the profit the company would have if it had to lay off 20-30% of the workforce to pay a line of credit, not the loss in wages.
Don’t buy any more assets. If the company does have the funds to buy more assets, then it would only buy more liabilities, that is, more loans, which would weigh it down.
Exit businesses. A company which is having problems with an existing business could consider closing it down, sell the building or leave certain divisions as they are.
Cut off employees. The company could potentially cut the pay of employees, keeping them on until an estimated time when the company can reduce their salaries.
Cut wages. Cutting salaries may help reduce the company’s tax liability, while saving the company some cash for other operations.
Buy inventory. The company could also consider buying back some of its outstanding inventory from its customers, saving the company from losing money.
Change to a new website design. The company needs to stay relevant, and in order to do this it should constantly update its website. The new design will help it stand out from the competition and attract new prospective clients.